6615,"Cholera Daily Situation Report as of 4 November 2017Highlights- 6 additional suspected cholera cases were reported.- No death reported.- No case reported from Dikwa for OVER 3 weeks.- No Alert.  Epidemiological Summary- Total number of suspected cases of cholera reported stands at 5305, with 61 deaths (CFR = 1.2%). 2660 cases in the Muna corridor (Jere LGA), 736 cases in Dikwa, 1756 cases in Monguno, cases in MMC and Mafa stands at 58 and 20 respectively. 1 new cases reported from Guzamala (Guworam) today, and the cumulative for Guzamala stand at 75 cases.- Out of the 274 samples tested using RDTs, 220 (80%) were positive while 120 (64%) of 187 samples were culture positive.",4
659,"12 321 people affected, five deaths, one person missing, 10 wounded and 10 288 displaced. More than 605 houses have been destroyed with roofs torn off. Six communes in Maroansetra are completely flooded and 65% of the houses in Maroansetra town are reported to be destroyed. ",10
8591,"Violent clashes and inter-communal tensions have continuously increased since 2017 resulting in widespread disruption of agricultural and marketing activities as well as exacerbated the massive displacements, with a severe negative impact on both food availability and access.",3
8373,"AT least 12 people have been killed and several children injured following heavy rains and floods in Lesotho. More than 1 400 people, or 315 households, have been left homeless. Public infrastructure worth 4 million Maloti (R4, million) and R1,5 million worth of crops have been damaged.The heavy rains, hailstorms and flash floods have been experienced in 23 villages in Mafeteng, Quthing and Thaba-Tseka districts since March. According to Lesotho Meteorological Services, the districts recorded and exceeded their monthly average rainfall in February and March 2018. Houses, vehicles, roads along with five schools and one health centre as well as various summer crops have been destroyed. According to the rapid assessment undertaken by the Disaster Management, golf ball-sized hailstones, have been blamed for the deaths of people and animals as well as damage to infrastructure.",5
10125,"Unidentified gunmen attacked a civilian home, killing 10 members of a single family, including women and children, in eastern Laghman province, an official said on Monday. At least four people were wounded in the bomb attack",9
3997,"Quebenang  The field visit revealed that the farms in Quebenang were flooded; however the water did not reach to high enough levels to affect the homes and buildings within the Quebenang community. All farms in the community, totaling eighty (80) were affected; although the water has receded, crops continue to be impacted as soil moisture levels remain high.",3
3656,"The basic health centre faces a similar challenge as the school: “We treat about 3,000 patients every month, 700 more than the capacity of the health centre,” the clinic manager explains while dozens of women with their children crowd under the roof of the health clinic that provided some shade, waiting for their consultation.The basic health centre is in substandard condition, lacks access to safe drinking water and has no sanitation facilities. Health services in the informal settlements are reinforced by mobile health teams, but overall remain largely insufficient.",4
10734,"In the West Bank, Israeli authorities demolished 20 Palestinian-owned structures on the grounds of lack of building permits, which are nearly impossible for Palestinians to acquire. Twelve of these structures were in East Jerusalem and the remaining eight structures were in two communities in Area C (Rantis and Furush Beit Dajan). Overall, 49 Palestinians were displaced and 33 others affected. ",10
4592,"Livelihoods ? Refugees do not have any income generation opportunities inside or outside the camp and mostly are dependent on food ration. Even if small opportunit ies exist, the selection of beneficiaries is not fair. ? There is lack of market to sell goods. Restricted movement to import and export goods further makes it difficult for refugees to engage in business or trade. ? Cash provision for starting work is very low and all the refugees do not have means to start businesses or work. ? Refugees have very less opportunities for cultivation and farming as they do not have access to land. Few refugees are involved in agriculture and it takes up to six months to come on terms with the host community. ? Participation of Refugees in livestock production is very limited.",5
3207,"“More patients and pregnant women will die if government does not construct the road,” said Zia Rahman, a resident of the district.",6
3380,"The following items are urgently needed (quantities to be determined):Emergency Supplies First aid kits, Emergency kits; Clean-up kits (sanitizers, disinfectants, sterilizers, biocide, antimicrobials); Spraying pumps for disinfestations (10-50 liters); Blankets; Tents with heating systems; Heaters (electric, gas or wood); Sleeping bags; Life vests; Boots; Waterproof suits; Raincoats. Food and other items Canned foods; Dried fruits; Baby food; Baby milk formulas; Baby diapers; Farm animal food supplies.",3
7711,"According to nutrition surveys conducted by FSNAU, there is a Global Acute Malnutrition (WHZ) prevalence of 15 percent or higher in nine out of 12 displaced people’s settlements. The continuation of critical levels of acute malnutrition in many internally displaced person (IDP) settlements in Mogadishu and Baidoa indicate the worsening of the humanitarian crisis .",8
7829,"Within this challenging context, many families have been unable to re-establish their livelihoods, and food insecurity remains a concern. The flooding and landslides devastated livelihoods, particularly subsistence farming and other agriculture-related activities. As of 17 August, INDECI reports that in the current rainy season 50,154 hectares of crops were lost and 107,827 hectares were affected. Small-scale business activities including commerce, labour and production were also affected and overall, a greater proportion of earned income is required to purchase food.",5
7494,"“Sindh has less than 30 per cent coverage of immunisation, which is pathetically low, and what adds to the wound is that such figures are static for years,” said Prof Jamal Raza, president, Pakistan Paediatric Association (PPA) for Sindh, at a briefing.",4
10720,Tents have already been erected in Muang Sila Municipality in Muang district to serve as temporary shelters if villagers have to move out of their homes.  ,10
10467,"On Monday the reservoir was only13.9 per cent full. With little sign of rain in the upper Umbeluzi basin, the current rationing of water in Maputo could continue for months.",11
4457,"As of 19 May 2018, there were 6 918 diphtheria case-patients reported through EWARS and an additional 653 case-patients tested negative on PCR and are excluded from the total count. This week 58 new case-patients were reported which is similar to previous week (60 case-patients in week 19).  A total of 42 deaths were reported in EWARS (case-fatality proportion <1.0%), no new death was reported this week. Of all diphtheria cases, 237 cases have been laboratory confirmed. The last laboratory confirmed case-patient was reported on 15 May 2018. In the host community 1 new diphtheria case-patients were reported in week 20, bringing the total to 60 diphtheria case-patients. Among them 20 were laboratory-confirmed, 28 were probable and 12 were suspected. An additional 89 case-patients were excluded following negative laboratory testing. No deaths have been reported from host community. ",4
8070,"Rent and utilities continues to be the most common and costly monthly expense for beneficiaries. Families spend an average of 122 JOD per month on rent, which accounts for almost 82% of their monthly cash assistance. After rent, beneficiaries report spending on food (63 JOD per month1 ); debt repayment (38 JOD per month); health expenses (38 JOD per month); utilities (30 JOD); and educational expenses (22 JOD).",5
6730,Emergency measles vaccinations and vitamin A supplementation have not been organized on a large scale. The risk of measles outbreak has increased.,4
7896,"Pakistan’s ISI Helping Taliban In Kunar: PoliceTaliban militants are pushing to take control of Dangam district in Kunar in order to reach  the provincial capital Asadabad and are doing so with the help of Pakistan’s intelligence agency, Kunar Police Chief Juma Gul Himmat told TOLOnews.",9
10063,"Physical access within the new sites is a major concern in scaling up the WASH emergency response. Government with support of the military is working on the construction of these access and link roads to various parts of the camps. With the on-going influx, congestion in the receiving sites is a major concern; overburdening existing facilities; complicating access for emptying latrines is increasing the public health risk in these sites. Water treatment and Faecal sludge management remains a high priority for the WASH Sector. Rationalization of the partners in specific areas is also a critical issue across the sectors.",11
2627,"Erdogan has said the final goal of a Turkish incursion into northern Syria is to clear a 5,000sq-km 'safe zone', vowing to press on towards ISIL's self-declared capital in the country, Raqqa.",9
6468,"Prior to 25 August, 33,000 Rohingyas refugees were living in the registered camps since the 1990s. A further 200,000 undocumented Rohingyas were living outside them. Of this Rohingya population in Bangladesh, 74,000 had fled following military operations in Rakhine State in October 2016.  ",10
10544,"Learning has been paralysed in all areas of Lamu County where the multi-agency security operation dubbed Linda Boni is ongoing. A spot check by Nation this week established that a total of eight primary schools in the operation areas in Lamu remain closed even as the third term commenced. The schools include Basuba, Milimani, Mangai, Mararani and Kiangwe in Lamu East Sub-County and Pandanguo, Maleli and Kakathe, all in Lamu West Sub-County.The schools haven't been opened due to insecurity posed by Al-Shabaab militants and the ongoing crackdown by the security agencies in the affected areas. The situation has affected the learning of over 1,000 pupils whose fate now hangs in the balance as they are now forced to remain indoors with their parents while their peers around the country go on with their schooling Nation also established that Basuba, Milimani, Mangai, Mararani and Kiangwe primary schools in Lamu East were shut down since the beginning of second term in May after 12 teachers fled the areas alleging direct threats from Al-Shabaab militants. For the last three years, education in the five schools has also been disrupted numerous times owing to frequent Al-Shabaab attacks.",2
10509,"Despite harsh winter weather and rough seas, migrants continue to embark on the perilous journey across the Mediterranean. So far in 2017, 184 migrants have been rescued at sea, despite the Coast Guard’s lack of seaworthy vessels and equipment.",9
721,"The main contributing factor to these malnutrition rates is household food insecurity, caused by low milk availability and food stocks and high food prices. Other factors include common illnesses such as diarrhea, disease outbreaks, low coverage of supplementation programmes, poor child feeding practices, and poor water and hygiene practices. Pre-existing factors such as high poverty rates, low literacy, poor access to health facilities and frequent shocks aggravate the situation. There is a risk of further deterioration in most counties in the coming months as the food security situation worsens",8
5068,"Aid workers continue to respond to the outbreak, but warn that fuel to run hospital generators and to pump clean water will run out in less than three weeks.  Vaccines needed to treat diphtheria will also run out in two weeks",4
361,"As a consequence of the continuation of the intense rains, during February and March, emergencies related to floods and landslides have occurred, mainly on the north coast of the country. According to official figures at the date of this report, at least 894.403 people are reported as affected and 132.779 are severely affected.",10
1738,"Millions of people in shanty towns, who have previously had to cope with the region's worst drought in a century, have been hardest hit, as floods and heavy rain washed away their homes.",10
10508,Sidd camp residents are not permitted to leave it for their surroundings in Hasakah province until completing SDF security checks and finding a sponsor outside the camp. The Kurdish-led Self-Administration governing Hasakah province provides bread and water to camp residents.,3
2434,"Due to largely favorable rainfall, a near-average harvest is expected across southern and central areas, beginning in March, despite some areas that needed to replant due to localized flooding or faced seed access challenges.",0
7615,"Further deterioration of the security situation at the border with South Sudan (northern part of Dungu Territory, Haut Uele) urges the relocation of a large number of refugees still in the area.",9
8377,"Continuous heavy rains and snow fall has broken the record of many years caused widespread flooding across 3 districts of Balochistan from 17th to 22nd January 2017, Government declared the emergency in 3 most affected districts and demanded assistance for 60,000 people of affected in Balochistan.",1
2064,"Nearly every KI reported that residents of their muhalla faced difficulty accessing electricity. In nearly all cases, this was attributed to the general disrepair of the power grid, though KIs in Az-Zawya and Al-Ajaylat also cited conflict-related damage to the grid and the unavailability of generators.",7
1773,"• People in need: 932,700  • Number of children with moderate acute malnutrition: 473,194 (8.1% of children)",8
4736,"Dr Mberikunashe said while most mosquito parasites were being washed away by the rains, concerns remained on the ponds of water which provide conducive breeding environment for mosquitos.  “We are concerned that while the rains may have stopped, these ponds will provide an environment that is conducive for mosquito breeding and this could lead to increased cases of malaria,” said Dr Mberikunashe. ",4
7924,"At least 21 people have been killed and more than 50 wounded in a bomb explosion in the town of Parachinar in northwestern Pakistan, authorities said on Saturday. They said the toll was likely to rise.",9
2771,"Protection concerns, including access to safety and assistance, continued for the 285,000 people whom the UN estimated to still be under IS-control in West Mosul, Hawiga and West Anbar as of the end of May.",9
8780,"It is to note, that soaring sorghum prices started in September 2018 (20% above the average for the last 5 years). This increase is mainly due to the low or lack of availability on the market. Indeed, sorghum is the most consumed local cereal. The market is usually supplied by local production in a normal year. This year, the production under rain has failed, which has resulted in a supply disruption of the markets. Merchants do not have sufficient stock to cope with the demand. This trend is likely to continue with the approach of early lean season this year. Rice prices also start to be affected and are above their level of last year and their five-year average (Source: WFP) Cross-border supplies have not been enough to slow the trend. Prices could rise sharply during the lean season as the next harvest of sorghum in lowland and Walo areas does not seem very encouraging to mitigate deficit. For livestock, prices are down for all classes of animals in poor condition including sheep and cattle: -15 to -20% in January 2018 compared to 2017 because of the lack of grazing and difficulties with watering. Therefore, prices will move towards a downward trend with the continuing degradation of pastoral conditions.",3
7799,"In 2018, 630 000 children under five are expected to suffer from global acute malnutrition, of which 165 000 from severe acute malnutrition",3
2658,"On 24 May, a suspected case of hepatitis E was reported by MSF in Lac region. It was detected in Diamerom displacement site and then referred to Baga-Sola hospital. Rapid testing turned out positive, but a sample has been sent to N’Djamena for further confirmation. A hepatitis E epidemic has been ongoing in the Salamat region in south-eastern Chad since September 2016, with more than 1,400 reported cases, including 17 deaths.",7
2410,"An estimated 165,000 children are expected to suffer from severe acute malnutrition across the country in 2018. Children who suffer from the severe form of acute malnutrition have grave muscle wasting, very low weight for their height, and are nine times more likely to die in case of disease due to a weakened immune system.",8
5578,"Shelter: Some 52% of the refugee households registered in Gambella camps are in need of transitional shelter assistance. Shortage of funding limits the provision of key services such as education, shelter, WASH facilities, as well as livelihoods activities. The current rainy season has delayed construction of key infrastructure at the camps and reception. ",10
10818,"Israeli forces have issued a new demolition notice to Mahmood Al-Jarmi, the head teacher of a Bedouin school near the city of Jericho, north of the West Bank, which is attended by children from various Bedouin communities located in Area C.The Israeli army has previously threatened to demolish the school under the pretext that it does not have a permit.  ",2
7898,"Civilians fleeing west Mosul continued to arrive at Hammam Al-Alil at a steady rate throughout the week, with between 5,000 and 7,500 individuals reaching the site daily. New arrivals reported fleeing from neighbourhoods across the southern part of west Mosul, where they report significant levels of destruction of infrastructure. Many crossed the front line from areas held by extremist armed groups, risking sniper fire, improvised explosive devices (IEDs), and execution if captured. New arrivals with injuries or serious health problems were referred for medical assistance immediately upon arrival. ",4
3840,"Expected challenges upon return and relocation call for comprehensive support to IDPs’ return and relocation, notably by assisting reconstruction of homes and re-establishment of livelihood activities",5
8117,"Following a July visit to Sa’dah’s Majz District, where approximately 2,700 displaced households currently reside, the UN identified shelter support and core relief commodities as the most urgent humanitarian needs in the area. In response, U.S. Government partner UNHCR is providing shelter materials and enhancing protection monitoring in Majz",10
8029,"In Waar, Homs, there were two cases of severe malnutrition and 14 cases of intermediate malnutrition reported by medical staff. There are approximately 70,000 people in the besieged area of Waar. Aid convoys with food, child formula and medication are desperately needed to ensure the well-being of the population.",8
4326,"Cholera awareness campaign on the street in Omdurman (Rn several states the Home-to- Home programme helped to identify the extent of the cholera spread, by campaigners visiting residents at home, and identify ways to deal with it. Soon after, medicines, intravenous fluids and salts were provided to people, as well as soap, disinfectants and detergents in hospitals.“The teams go to homes, mosques, public gatherings, markets, public transport, and more, to provide information about avoiding cholera and how to deal with infected people.” “The government's failure to declare the epidemic was the main obstacle to initiatives.” - Najda Mansour, campaigner",4
3465,"In contrast to quarterly trends, annual comparison indicates price increases in Syrian pound terms in all of the above-mentioned items since March 2016. The biggest year-on-year price increase at national level was recorded for diesel (29%), lentils (27%) and sugar (26%). Similarly, these commodities have also shown relatively higher rates of price increase in USD terms (10-12%) compared to other commodities. The cost of wheat flour rose markedly (18%) in SYP, while the price of rice gained marginally (3%). In USD terms, the price trends indicated a marginal increase of 3% for wheat flour and 11% decline for rice. Generally, higher rates of price increase in SYP compared to USD could partly be attributed to a depreciation (15%) of the value of SYP against the USD (Figure 4).",3
4498,"UNHCR opened a new displacement site at Nimrod in Ninewa Province, in response to the large number of newly displaced civilians fleeing Tal Afar. The site received two thousand IDPs in its first day, and nearly 10 thousand are expected to be transferred from Hamam al-Alil. ",10
7357,"GCA Food Insecurity and Unemployment – New Key Vulnerable Group: The REACH winter assessment data confirms the trend identified in 2017, directly linking food security and unemployment. In February 2018, food insecurity increased to 26% (compared to 11% in June 2016) for households with a head of household aged 40-60. This is mainly a reflection of the high proportion of unemployed people within this age group who are heads of household. For households headed by someone who is unemployed and aged 40-60, the level of food insecurity is 37%.",5
4380,"Over 100,000 persons died, 2.1 million others displaced and property worth $9billion destroyed by the Boko Haram insurgency as at December 2016, Borno State Governor Kashim Shettima said.  He said a total of 956,453 private houses representing 30% of the total number of houses in Borno were destroyed across the 27 Local Government Areas in the State.",10
2314,"Natural disasters left 799 people dead and 90 missing nationwide in the first nine months, according to a statement by the Ministry of Civil Affairs and the China National Commission for Disaster Reduction Wednesday.Natural disasters caused a total of 315 billion yuan (about 47.7 billion U.S. dollars) in direct economic losses, and forced relocation of about 4.7 million people. In addition, more than 139,000 houses were destroyed and another 1.5 million were damaged to varying degrees. The disasters affected about 18.2 million hectares of farmland, with more than two million hectares destroyed.",0
11179,"As of mid-May, the 2018 Humanitarian Response Plan—a blueprint for humanitarian activities in Iraq—is less than 20 per cent funded.",1
6105,Prostitution. This is commonly done by women whose husbands are drunkards and the widows. Many women are doing this to save their daughters from doing it because of lack of basic needs and enough food in their homes. They resolve into prostitution to keep the girls in school.,5
5670,"The parties, locations and intensity of political violence in Kenya has varied widely since the beginning of 2017 ( see Figure 7). Increased political tension due to the upcoming August election has generated fear that Kenya ’s multiple conflicts will intensify during the upcoming voting period. Political and land- motivated unrest dominates the west- ern counties while al-Shabaab intensifies its campaign in the East. In certain towns and cities, the notion of ‘safety’ is becoming politicised.",9
9428,"In Deir-ez-Zor, the conscription campaign launched by ISIL in late July for males aged between 20 and 30 (and more recently even beyond this age), is described as another driver of displacement over the last month. This is in addition to indiscriminate shelling, often without warning, forcing civilians to flee their houses without their belongings. Smuggling fees, even to reach the nearest SDF checkpoints, are reportedly very high and unaffordable to most, which in turn triggers family separation. Reports of abusive behavior by smugglers, demanding additional fees during the journey while threatening to either abandon IDPs or accuse them of affiliation with ISIL to the local authorities, has also been mentioned. Resorting to smuggling rings, IDPs face an arduous and long journey in the desert, through ever changing exit routes that involves walking long distances with no water or food before reaching checkpoints, while under the constant threat of extortion by the smugglers.",9
8962,"The lack of land, density and poor state of infrastructure inside the settlements is the main challenge in trying to ensure that the shelters are up to international standards. More distribution of warm clothes is essential.",7
6862,"An ongoing cholera outbreak has affected at least 8 counties in the country including Garissa, Nairobi, Vihiga, Kiambu, Mombasa, Murang’a, Kericho and Turkana Counties. This includes Dadaab and Kakuma refugee camps.",4
8401,"Hadalat is an informal encampment of roughly 5,000 displaced people settled in 2015 by Syrians fleeing the Islamic State in central Homs province. Today they live in a no-man’s-land known between two earthen berms marking the Syrian and Jordanian borders.  Food, water and medicine are scarce in Hadalat, where some families are reportedly surviving “solely on flour and water,” UN Deputy Spokesman Farhan Haq said in a statement on Monday. Residents live in makeshift tents dotting the harsh, open desert landscape.",4
2899,"Barely a month after Rwandan farmers suffered ‘Fall Army Worm’ – a deadly insect that has hit maize crops in almost every corner of the country, another unknown seed pest has attacked bean plantations in the northern province of Rwanda.  The new disease is creating more fears of a possible drop in anticipated output of the country’s major food crops this season",3
5972,"The majority of the new arrivals are now staying in existing makeshift settlements, UNHCR-registered camps, three new makeshift camps that have emerged, or among the host community. Many refugees are stranded in a no man’s land between the border with Myanmar. Even prior to the most recent influx, many Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh lived in unsafe, overcrowded and unhygienic conditions with little protection from the elements.",10
3884,Open defecation is common in these settlements and landowners have opposed latrine installation.,11
77,"As the security situation in Derna escalated in the second half of May 2018, local population have been dis- placed to the sourrounding areas of Martuba, Shahat, Al Qubba, Soussa, Tobruk and Al Bayda.  Over the past 24 hours, another 115 households (~575 individuals) were reportedly displaced to Tobruk, Shahat, Al Qubba and Al Bayda, bringing the total number of displaced from Derna over the past two weeks to 540 families (~2,700 individuals). Reported priority needs in Martuba, Soussa and Al Qubba include food, NFIs and basic medical supplies. The humanitarian situation inside Derna remains critical. Population movements between the suburbs and the center of Derna, due to continued shelling, reportedly affected at least 500 families in May.",7
216,"While the dialogue between the G overnment and the opposition coalition has restarted in the Dominican Republic, people continue to steadily leave the country. The socio - economic situation increasingly deteriorates and inflation has made it extremely difficult to access food, medicine, ba sic products and services. Reports from international organizations state that there is a considerable number of people with chronic malnutrition in the country, as well as a shortage of medicine. As a result of the strained resources, i nsecurity has also been increasing and having a rising impact on peoples’ lives .",4
1054,"Although the Gu harvest and increased milk availability will improve food security in mid-2018, household access to food and income will remain below average due to past poor seasons and the forecast below-average Gu . Food security will again deteriorate in October, the start of the minor agropastoral lean season. Large assistance needs will persist through October, and northern and central areas are of highest concern. ",3
4047,"Health: ? Current referral mechanism takes long to respond to the medical needs. ? Shortage of ambulances specifically for intra camp transfers for which the community uses donkey carts, which is not always ideal to transport patients.   1 Religious schools   4    ? Community outreach needs to be improved in terms of presence and coverage. ? Maternal and Child mortality are thought to be linked with malnutrit ion, early age pregnancies, not following up for antenatal care. ? Poor sanitation and hygiene in the health facilit ies as well as the lack of professional attitude of health staff was also a concern ",4
4309,"The violence in the northern Rakhine has had spill-over effects in central Rakhine. Increased tensions and local blockading of Muslim communities, combined with restrictions on access for humanitarian workers, have led to serious disruptions in the provision of essential services for aid-dependent Muslim people in camps and villages, many of whom report that their coping mechanisms are being exhausted. Humanitarian organizations in many sectors have been unable to adequately meet the needs of those they normally assist. Many of these people are now relying almost exclusively on communitybased mechanisms. These disruptions have affected life-saving activities such as health services, including access to sexual and reproductive health services for women and girls, as well as nutrition services for malnourished children and food assistance. Gaps in the delivery of humanitarian assistance and protection services have exacerbated existing needs and potentially created new ones that will need to be addressed in 2018. In both camps and villages, Muslim people in central Rakhine are being subjected to increased movement restrictions, limiting their ability to trade, to access livelihood opportunities and health services. In villages across central Rakhine, many Muslim people who are now unable to earn a living have started resorting to negative coping mechanisms, leading to serious protection risks. If this increased isolation persists, many people who were previously self-sufficient will develop new humanitarian needs for food, livelihoods, healthcare and protection",4
3592,"Inside Deir-ez-Zor city generators are the only source of electricity, however, fuel is scarce and therefore generators are only being used to supply civilian infrastructure with electricity, such as hospitals and bakeries. ",7
5432,"Around 213,000 people will face serious food insecurity during the lean season in 2017. I",3
1715,"Tropical Cyclone ENAWO continued moving west south-west over the southwestern Indian Ocean and towards north-eastern areas in Madagascar, strengthening. On 07 March morning it made landfall over Antalaha district, near Antalha city, with an approximate maximum sustained wind speed between 220 and 230 km/h.Over the next 24 hours it is forecast to continue moving south-west over northern and central Madagascar, weakening into a Tropical Storm.  Heavy rain, storm surge and strong winds may affect the north-eastern and central-eastern areas of the country. JRC estimations indicate a maximal storm surge height of 1 m along the coast of Helodrano Antongila Bay, and 1.8 m near Antalaha on 07 March at 7.00 UTC. As of the same time, Meteo Madagascar has issued a Red Alert in several areas of Diana, Sava, Sofia, Analanjirofo, Alaotra-Mangoro, and Atsinanana regions.",9
10262,"Partners continues to respond to famine in central unity where it is estimated that about 270,000 are in need of food and medical services, due to the immense work/ response to this population and difficulties in access with mobile population, partners on ground has been supported with medical supplies from WHO/ UNICEF/UNFPA and human resource which has increased access to lifesaving health care services. In the locations that scaling is a challenge, RRM partners have been deployed. Due to mobility of the population two main strategies has been applied. (Mobile- by use of bag pack and static to managed cases). It is estimated that 2 PAGE 4 100 children with SAM with medical complication will need admission (with10 % increase in admissions) in stabilization centres for medical management which will have direct impact on health facilities",3
8412,"Severe barriers to access to healthcare were reported by refugees and migrants from all assessed regions of origin, regardless of their time of arrival in Libya. Discrimination in access to treatment was one of the most reported pressing issues, followed by a lack of means of transportation and distance to medical facilities (especially reportedly affecting access to healthcare in Sebha).",9
2874,"Strike especially affecting severe patients. Conditions of doctors are bad, with half of the doctors leaving. Poor equipment.",4
7734,"The percentage of unanswered applications for exit permits for medical treatment has nearly tripled over the past four years. According to the World Health Organization, which the B’Tselem report cites, in 2014, 15.4 percent of applications went unanswered; in 2015, this number was 17.6 percent. By September 2017, there were 8,555 that remained unanswered, accounting for 43.7 percent of nearly 20,000 applications. [graph in the article] Nearly 20 percent of the applications that have gone unanswered in 2017 were for children and adolescents under 18, and about 8 percent (725) were for people 60 and over.",4
254,"In 2017, more than 35,000 cases including over 750 deaths (CFR 2.2%) have been reported in the country from six regions, namely Somali, Oromia, Amhara, Afar, SNNP and Tigray. Ninety-one percent (91%) of these cases and 96% of the deaths were reported in Somali Region. ",4
2710,"An estimated 770,000 drought-displaced people are in need of Shelter/Non Food Item (NFI) assistance. Most of the displacement is to Baidoa and Mogadishu.Over 50,000 people have been displaced due to conflict in south central Somali. ? Nearly 1.1 million protracted IDPs exist countrywide. ? The displaced families are in need of shelter and other household non-food items. Safe and secure settlements are needed to provide crisis-affected communities with protected and healthy living spaces and environments, while ensuring sufficient privacy and dignity for the displaced groups, families, and individuals.",10
10633,"On March 5, A hospital in Kafr Nobol, Idleb , was hit by an airstrike resulting in the top floor being destroyed and moderate structural damage. There were no casualties reported and the facility went out of service. On a monthly basis, the hospital was providing an average of 3,792 consultations, 41 admissions, 332 major surgeries. These services were disrupted. ",4
4231,"MSF has been unable to reach Mobaye, Zangba and other areas with high rates of malnutrition for five months. “There are lots of places … we cannot access any more; we cannot see what’s happening, but we know it’s very worrying,” said Ducarme.",8
817,"More than two million conflict IDPs and one million returnees; and about 18,000 disaster IDPs and 55,000 returnees as of November 2016",10
9122,"A total of 8 845 cases of acute watery diarrhea (AWD) and cholera have been reported in 38 districts in 11 regions since the beginning of 2017, including 224 deaths.Surveillance reports indicate that the epidemic is spreading to inaccessible areas, especially to villages outside Baidoa town and in other areas in Bakool and Gedo regions. 400 new cases have been reported within one day (8 March).",4
2570,"Six (6) new cases of cVDPV2 were reported this week: 4 cases are from Mayadeen district and 2 are from Boukamal district, Deir Ez-Zor governorate.  The total number of cVDPV2 cases is 39. All confirmed cases to date have had onset of paralysis before 14 July 2017.",11
11708,"The system of permits and regulations in Jordan creates many barriers With camp rules and regulations, as they exist, aid agencies struggle to set up any new work opportunities, particularly for womenRefugees in Za’atari camp are not allowed to leave without a permit, which needs to be renewed every two weeks. Some Syrian women in Za’atari have obtained work permits which allow them to work outside on neighbouring farms or in garment factories. But for many, working outside the camp is not an option. Often male family members prohibit their wives, daughters and sisters from working at all.“It is much better to find jobs in the camp, it is safer and closer to our houses,” said Ghozlan. “I am afraid to work outside the camp. It is not safe outside and you never know what could happen.” She added, “Everything is outside. Why don’t they create things in the camp, where I can work and get by.” With camp rules and regulations, as they exist, aid agencies struggle to set up any new work opportunities, particularly for women. There is an urgent need to ease restrictions on refugee movement into and out the camp, including trading access, in order to help create more opportunities to start businesses or paid work. ",9
2492,"Anti-Government forces, mainly the Taliban, were responsible for almost two thirds of the casualties while pro-Government forces were responsible for almost one quarter. ",9
9725,"The permanence of violence owes as much to the success as to the failings of the peace accords. The two former wartime foes have jostled for democratic supremacy, repeatedly using security policy for electoral purposes by seeking to satisfy public demand for mano dura (iron fist) against the gangs. Although government has changed hands, security methods have not altered: mass detentions and incarceration, as well as militarisation of policing, have become standard procedure whether under the rule of right-wing elites or former guerrillas. U.S. authorities have recently offered support to this approach, pledging to “dismantle” the MS-13.",9
4745,"? Food security outcomes are expected to be most severe between March and June, when Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes are likely in Guban Pastoral, Addun Pastoral, and the western half of Northern Inland Pastoral livelihood zones. During this time, poor households will lack access to milk and have few saleable livestock to purchase food. Of greatest concern is Guban Pastoral livelihood zone, where atypical livestock deaths are occurring and households face an extreme loss of income. Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes are expected throughout the projection period in this livelihood zone.",3
2433,"Some 10 confirmed cholera cases were recorded with five deaths in Batbar County in South Sudan’s Eastern Lakes State since the last two weeks, a local official said.",4
618,"More than 1,300 people have reportedly fled the ranks of Boko Haram since July 2016 in Chad’s Lac region and have been transferred to their villages of origin. The humanitarian community stresses the need to assist those decamping the armed group and urges the authorities to provide more information about the defections and the status of those who return.",9
11464,"WASH ? Regular water, sanitation and hygiene services have been running smoothly in all the five camps and the reception center. Preventive maintenances of electromechanical equipment (pumps, generators, and control panel boards and accessories) were carried out for Bokolmanyo, Melkadida and Kobe water systems. Construction of 235 bathing shelters (120 in Hilaweyn and 115 in Buramino) completed and handed over to refugees.  ",11
1426,"On 26 November 2017, mild rainfall caused the flooding of several houses, stores and vehicles in Gaza city, plus the sewage pump station in al Nafaq neighbourhood. At the time, no electricity was available and operational backup generators were insufficient to cope with the volume of water. Mobile pumps were deployed at the location for 12- 18 hours to pump out the water. During this time, access to services was interrupted and the population was at risk of contracting water-borne diseases due to the seepage of sewage into the water.",7
4118,"The number of children suffering from Severe Acute Malnutrition is also on the rise, with a total rate of 15.6%. In parallel, admissions of children with Severe Acute Malnutrition to health care centres have strongly increased with respect to 2017, for instance +73% in the capital N'Djamena.",8
1069,"In the same week, 1,625 refugees and migrants arrived by sea in Italy – more than double from the 728 who arrived the previous week – with no arrivals taking place between Monday and Friday. Between 13 and 15 January, over 1,500 persons were rescued in the Central Mediterranean and subsequently disembarked in southern Italy. During the rescues, five corpses were disembarked in Lampedusa and Messina, three of which suffered hypothermia and the other two died due to overcrowding on board the dinghy. Furthermore four survivors rescued on 14 January, reported that a dinghy carrying some 180 persons collapsed some 30-40 miles from the Libyan coast: four corpses were retrieved, while 172 persons are missing. In January 2017 so far, 2,353 persons arrived by sea, compared to 5,273 arriving in January 2016. In 2016, 181,436 persons arrived by sea, compared to 153,842 arrivals by the end of December 2015, displaying an 18% increase from 2015 to 2016.As of 15 January, there have been reports of 230 dead/missing persons at sea in 2017. Majority of these incidents (87%) have occurred along the central Mediterranean Sea route. ",7
2511,"Flood Flood affected Ambon City and Buru. A total of 680 houses were submerged. Flood also inundated 800 houses (estimated) in Siak District, Riau Province",10
7853,"There are conflicting reports as to the number of people that remain within the city of Al Mokha, with some estimations putting the figure at up to 20,000 people. Fighting is affecting essential services including medical, fuel delivery and water supply.",11
7733,"On June 21, dozens of armed Islamist rebels stormed and occupied a school on the southern Philippine island of Mindanao, the latest in a slew of attacks that highlight the continued risks children face seeking an education in the volatile region.",2
4477,"Nakivale:Many children and youth do not attend school due to high school fees for secondary school, overcrowding, and long travel distances to schools. For girls who drop out of school, early pregnancy and marriage is common.",2
6472,"The city of Kouango, located 415 km from Bangui (the capital of the CAR), has been flooded since the 23rd of August1 . These floods caused significant material and human damages. The provisional record shows 350 households, or 1,750 people affected by this tragedy. At least 276 houses are completely destroyed and 74 houses partially destroyed. Some people found shelters in host families and others are in the farm fields",10
10041,"The IASN and livelihood assistance gap heightens the risk of further deterioration in household food security and households being forced to further resort to “crisis” strategies, such as increased sales of livestock remained from drought (productive females), family separation, collecting firewood from unsafe areas with risk of attack, engagement into menial job “cultural” unactable",3
1727,"What it means for children in Yemen is that there are millions of children going to bed hungry each night. They can’t go to school, there are 2 million children out of school … Huge numbers of children are acutely malnourished so they’re too weak to stand up.",8
10281,"famine is possible in 2017' in the most drought-affect areas, according to the 'Famine Early Warning Systems Network' (FEWSNET) and the 'Food Security and Nutrition Analysis Unit' (FSNAU).",3
8497,"On Tuesday, the U.N. humanitarian coordinator for Somalia warned that five million Somalis, nearly half the population, do not have enough to eat because of poor rains and continued fighting between the African Union-backed government and the Islamist militant group al-Shabab. ",3
693,"In Kenya, the extremely poor short rains are expected to lead to near total maize crop failure in southeastern and coastal marginal agricultural areas. Leguminous crops were also affected, and the harvest is estimated to be up to 60 percent below average. Bimodal regions of western Kenya also experienced below-average rains, with expectations for up to 10 percent below-average long rains maize production. ",5
8879,"An estimated 320,000 people are still in need of emergency shelter assistance",10
1312,"According to the preliminary results of a comprehensive security survey of food (EFSA) conducted between December 2017 and January 2018 by the World Food Program (WFP) in collaboration with the National Institute of Statistics (INS), 85% of 4.5 million people covered by the nutrition survey (3.8 million) suffer from food insecurity and require emergency humanitarian assistance.",3
4428,"The atypical reliance of households in flooded rice-farming areas of Mopti, Timbuktu, and Gao on strategies for cutting back on their food and nonfood spending to meet their food needs is expected to heighten food insecurity from Minimal (IPC Phase 1) to Stressed (IPC Phase 2) levels. This is also the case for poor flood and drought-stricken households, particularly in the Western Sahel and the Goundam lake area.Very poor households in the above-mentioned anomaly areas will be able to meet their food needs during the lean season between June and September only by resorting to strategies for cutting their food intake and relying on outside assistance. These households will be in a Crisis (IPC Phase 3) situation, though they do not reach the 20 percent threshold for reclassifying a given area.  ",3
3559,"Save the Children said shipments of aid are being delayed for months, denying hundreds of thousands of people access to urgently-needed medical aid. In the first two months of the year, the Saudi-led coalition has prevented three of the charity's shipments of medical supplies from landing at the country's main group of Hodeida, the group said, forcing them to be rerouted and delaying their arrival by up to three months. The shipments were carrying enough aid to help around 300,000 people, including antibiotics, surgical equipment, medicine to treat diseases like malaria and cholera, and supplies to support malnourished children.",7
1103,"The dire conditions in home areas and the toll of the journey are evident in the alarmingly high malnutrition rates among newly-arrived drought IDPs. According to the results of a recent nutrition survey, high levels of food insecurity persist in many IDP settlements with a majority of sites surveyed showing Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) rates above the emergency threshold (15 percent).8 In Baidoa, for example, a recent survey indicates that malnutrition rates among IDPs have doubled, while severe malnutrition rates have tripled.9",8
5458,"The response of the government and its international partners should be based on social mobilization focused on expanding knowledge of Ebola and voluntary limitations on movement, combined with social support for the people affected, Human Rights Watch said. ",7
796,"The past year has seen ambulances being brought to a standstill or attacked while transporting the wounded, indiscriminate shooting inside medical facilities, and patients being forcibly removed from their beds and executed in cold blood. All of these have become everyday events in CAR, with disastrous consequences for the patients The attacks of the past year demonstrate a complete disregard for humanitarian principles and jeopardise MSF's ability to protect both patients and staff. In some places, such as Bangassou, violence and insecurity reached such levels that MSF was forced to make the difficult decision to suspend activities, leaving, in the case of Bangassou, patients without the assistance that could have saved their lives.",4
4646,"More than 5,000 suspected new cases have been reported daily during the past week. The spread of the disease, which started just over a month ago, is accelerating",4
2885,"The human rights situation remained of serious concern. In Mopti and Ségou Regions, the expansion of violent extremist groups continued to threaten the fundamental freedoms of movement, religion and conscience. Counter-terrorism operations by the Malian defence and security forces led to human rights violations, including enforced disappearance and arbitrary detention.MINUSMA documented 170 cases of human rights violations and abuses involving 326 victims, compared with 112 cases and 348 victims in the previous reporting period. The cases included 1 enforced disappearance, 5 cases of ill-treatment and 28 cases of unlawful detention. The Malian forces were involved in 33 violations.",9
11074,"The main priorities are  treating the wounded and the sick, providing food aid, water, sanitation and hygiene, health, shelter, fuel  for heating and winter items.",7
10092,"In a survey carried out in September in six provinces, 72 per cent of female respondents said they got married before they were 18 – compared with around 50 per cent in surveys before the war – and about 44 per cent said they were wed before they turned 15, the organisation said.",9
345,"In January and February 2017, Israeli authorities demolished water supply infrastructure in two areas in the West Bank. In the southern West Bank, authorities demolished seven water cisterns used by farmers and shepherds near the Palestinian village of Tuqu’, Bethlehem District, and another cistern in the South Hebron Hills community of Khashm a-Daraj. In the Jordan Valley, authorities demolished a pipe that provided water to Palestinian farming and shepherding communities in the northern Jordan Valley. On 20 February 2017, the Civil Administration once again demolished a section of the pipe, after local residents had restored its hook-up. Israel, which has controlled most water sources in the West Bank since it occupied it nearly fifty years ago, disregards the severe water shortage suffered by Palestinians and promotes projects that can alleviate it only when they involve improvements to settlement infrastructure. At the same time, Israel demolishes every water supply system that Palestinians try to erect themselves in Area C, subjecting them to intolerable living conditions in order to force them out of the area.",11
10053,"Severe damages are being reported to warehouses and storage rooms network in municipalities affected by Hurricane Matthew, representing a serious challenge to ensure the proper storage of humanitarian supplies in the affected areas.",6
5195,6 Jan another human rights leader was killed in Cauca of the movement March Patriotica,9
4981,"Those who do not have any source of income or are not able to access their financial resources and therefore have a limited de facto, purchase power, reported to have started putting in place worrying coping strategies. Mostly in urban areas, IDPs have started selling belongings, especially gold and silver items. The market for precious metals is tightly linked to the parallel market for cash. ",5
4488,"A shortage of WASH facilities and core relief items, including solar lamps for new arrivals and refugees resid ing in emergency shelters, are the main gaps requiring urgent attention. ? Inadequate food supply due to reduced rations has resulted in negative coping mechanisms like stealing from other refugees and the host community. ? Worn-out emergency and family shelters need urgent replacement during the rainy season.",7
10165,Nearly half of all pregnant women have not received medical care for their pregnancies and 41% of families with pregnant women do not know where to go for medical care for pregnant women.,4
5935,"“We don't have enough food to feed all the refugees, and some are getting half rations of corn meal and beans,” said Apollo Kazungu, a Ugandan commissioner in charge of refugees. “We are very hospitable as a country, and our people are friendly to refugees. But allocating them plots (of land) may not be possible if they continue to arrive daily due to violence. We are now building dormitories for them.” ",10
2928,"39,151 total returns from Iran since 1 January 2017",9
3911,"On the 15th of May 2018, the conflict in and around the militarily encircled Libyan city of Derna escalated sharply, with rapid advances of the frontline, heavy armed group activity and unprecedented levels of shelling. According to OCHA, as of May 30th roughly 600-1,300 households have been displaced from outlying mahallas, or neighbourhoods, into central Derna. Driving force behind displacement has been the heavy bombardment of residential areas.",9
6793,"At least, in four regions of Ukraine radiators are cold even at schools. Ukraine imports gas but from EU, which means that by far not everyone in the country can afford gas and heating. Debts have reached 25 bln UAH (62.5bln UAH). As a result, Naftogaz of Ukraine does not supply gas to the regions. Besides, Ukraine may lack coal of any type this season. Unfortunately, the country will again become a hostage to IMF loans and weather. ",2
4990,"Hadi's Aden government has put out its own figures. From January 2015 until February 2017, they say, their agencies documented 16,804 cases of arbitrary detentions, torture, and forced disappearance at the hands of the Houthis - but they neglected to address evidence of their own human rights violations.",9
157,"Only 4 percent of refugees treat their drinking water, which is also caused by the scarcity and high prices of firewood",1
4329,"In Al Bayda Governorate, fighting was reported in Nati’ and Al Qurayshiyah districts. An assessment by a local NGO of 224 recently displaced households found IDPs living in open areas in urgent need of clean drinking water and latrines, shelter, food and education. The district health unit in Nati’, which was damaged in recent fighting, needs to be rehabilitated.",4
7292,"We have only rice for survival,” said Saw Swe Tun, the camp administrator. “We have reported details of our hardship to the subordinates of [prominent local spiritual leader] Myine Gyi Ngu Sayadaw. We received some supplies from local government departments and organisations, but fewer and fewer in recent days.",3
530,"This Humanitarian Bulletin highlights the disproportionate impact of the crisis on some 49,000 people with disabilities in Gaza, including over 1,100 injured during the 2014 hostilities. Of these, some 5,100 people with chronic respiratory problems are exposed to multiple health complications stemming from interruptions to electric oxygen devices and vaporizers. Institutions treating people with disabilities have also reduced their hours of operation to accommodate the reduced electricity supply and scarcity of fuel to run backup generators. Those with mobility impairments living in apartment buildings face serious challenges moving to and from their homes. Most families are no longer able to cover additional expenses such as replacement of assistive devices, purchase of special hygiene items, or transportation to rehabilitation institutions for their disabled relatives.",4
8806,"“It is true that xenophobia attacks have resurfaced in South Africa especially Pretoria. We are urging all Malawians who are living in South Africa to be alert or just leave the country to avoid being tortured. I can confirm that, as of now the no Malawian has been affected,” said Shumba.",9
10336,"? Between January and December 2017, health actors recorded more than 23,350 suspected measles cases across Somalia, with approximately 60 percent of cases occurring among children younger than five years of age, according to the UN. Although the number of new measles cases has declined in recent months, the overall number of cases in 2017 was more than four times higher than the cases recorded in either 2015 or 2016, the UN reports. ",4
826,"Though there is a health facility in safe walking distance for IDPs, 23 respondents (88%) indicated that the health facility lacks medicines to effectively manage health needs, 26 respondents (100%) indicated distance presented a challenge, and 23 (88%) indicated the cost of services as a challenge.",4
11144,"Nord-Kivu: 260,000 people affected. 162,000 people in need. ",7
8735,"The activities of the armed groups also hinder the delivery of humanitarian aid to the population. Aid personnel are often forced to flee into the bush or neighboring towns, sometimes taking refuge in churches, mosques or nearby areas where MINUSCA peacekeepers are deployed. There are currently about 600,250 internally displaced persons in CAR. State authority is still embryonic and economic activity is very low-key. Repeated attacks on convoys carrying goods have severely affected imports. Currently, commercial convoys have to be secured by UN peacekeepers on the main highways and other secondary routes in order for goods to reach the rest of the country.",6
11703,"Property valued at millions of shillings was destroyed on Saturday evening as floods swept through Narok Town. Several traders lost property after the flash floods swept through a market near the main bus stage and heavy rains pounded the region.The rains, which started around 6pm, forced traders out of the Central Business District. It is prone to flooding as the town sits on a bowl-like surface. The town was set between two streams that pour their water into the Enkare Narok River and, when it rained, the streams would flood, carrying water from the upper catchments of Olopito.",7
6572,"As fighting intensifies in Douma, most field clinics have been moved to basements, and health workers worry that medical supplies are running out.  ",4
2961,"In Rakhine, continued displacement and restrictions on freedom of movement continue to undermine children’s access to education. The majority of IDP children remain dependent on in-camp education services. The sector is working with the Government to align those services delivered in camps with the formal education system and advocate for their inclusion and funding in governmental education planning. Continued training of education personnel on formalized curriculum and protective, emergency-related issues remains a priority need. The situation for post-primary education is especially critical with large numbers of adolescents in camps and crisisaffected areas unable to access quality formal education opportunities which compromise education’s role as a holistic protective agent. In mid-2017, only 34 per cent of the targeted adolescents in Rakhine had continuous access to postprimary education.",2
4335,"Food security outcomes are likely most severe in Ta’izz, southern coastal areas of Al Hudaydah, and amongst IDP  populations. ",3
8472,"Based on the recent developments with increased tension over living conditions in Elliniko, the Danish Refugee Council (DRC) expresses once again its concerns regarding the sub-standard living conditions in Elliniko Sites in South Athens, and urges the Greek authorities to expedite the transfer of the population to adequate standard and dignified accommodation.",10
9033,": Many types of livelihoods have been affected by the floods, including those of farmers whose crops have been heavily damaged. Among the worst-hit crops are paddy (summer rice), jute (vegetable fibre), dhaincha (multipurpose legume) and vegetables, with around 611,170 hectares of standing crops in 32 districts4 have suffered damages. The damage to agriculture will likely have an impact on the availability and price of food at the local markets as well as the demand for labour over the next months. Lesser work opportunities will reduce the purchasing power of vulnerable households, which will in turn result in a prolonged lean season and negatively affect food security and nutrition status. Another concern linked to agriculture is replanting the Aman crop, especially because seedbeds have been damaged. In addition, the flood situation is making it difficult for farmers to cultivate land as most embankments have been washed away. The floods have also affected availability of fodder for livestock, such as cattle, and reduced safe and secure places for the livestock, increasing the likelihood of cattle mortality. If the situation persists, the affected people are likely to resort to negative coping means such as taking loans or selling their poultry and livestock to obtain money for survival – a situation which leaves them economically vulnerable. Already, many farmers – who traditionally  rear cows and goats to sell during the Eid Ul Adha festival – fear that they may not be able to sell their livestock as expected and have resorted to immediate disposing them off at a lower market value. ",5
9548,"Conflict and insecurity in north-east Nigeria has resulted in large-scale displacement of people living in camps that are inadequately equipped. These conditions have made the internally displaced people (IDP) and their host communities vulnerable to recurrent cholera outbreaks and other communicable diseases. The major propagating factors are inadequate safe water, limited sanitation facilities and inadequate hygiene practices. While the cholera outbreak appears to be under control in Yobe State, the situation is deteriorating in Adamawa State. The affected LGAs in Adamawa border Cameroon, where three confirmed cholera cases have been reported during the reporting week. Active transmission is also continuing in Borno State. The ongoing cholera outbreak in north-east Nigeria, especially in Adamawa and Borno states needs more vigilance. In 2017, the national and state authorities, and partners responded very effectively to contain a potentially catastrophic cholera outbreak in Borno State. The ongoing response needs to draw lessons from the 2017 response. The use of data to guide and target the interventions was mentioned as a best practice. The national and state authorities and partners need to scale up implementation of effective cholera control interventions, based on evidence. Authorities in Cameroon also need to enhance their preparedness and readiness to avert any large outbreak.",4
2780,"Further reductions in humanitarian space and access, rendered by all parties to the conict, including restrictions on movement, interference with humanitarian operations and restricted access to communities, were documented during the period. In the West Bank, access restrictions imposed by Israeli authorities to areas within the Seam Zone and in Qalqilia restricted the operations of a health cluster partner in these areas.",4
4892,"The registration of seven new cases of cholera since yesterday brings the number of new cases in Sudan’s El Gedaref state to 13 in three days. A source within the healthcare infrastructure told Radio Dabanga on Wednesday that El Saraf El Ahmar area east of Gallabat recorded three infection cases while El Mahla area recorded two new cases. The infection of two people has been reported at the agricultural projects near Shu’aib area of Gireisha locality. Over the past week, the eastern localities of Gallabat and Gireisha in El Gedaref have registered two deaths and 83 other infections. ",4
8699,"The storm destroyed 25 per cent of shelters and left as many as 80 per cent damaged. Food and fuel supplies were destroyed, electricity lines were cut, and health and sanitation infrastructure was also badly damaged.",10
2866,"Pastoral areas: Pasture and browse levels largely reflect seasonal rainfall totals, with the best conditions in Turkana and Marsabit. The poorest conditions are in Isiolo, and portions of Mandera, Tana River, and to a smaller extent in southern Wajir. In the east, water sources are only partially recharged by the rains. Livestock return trekking distances from grazing fields vary, but are highest in Mandera and Isiolo at 20 and 40 kilometers, respectively, due to poor forage regeneration and low water availability . Atypical migration movements have occurred in isolated areas, but most livestock are currently in wet-season grazing areas, with varying body conditions. They are good for all species in Turkana, but poor for cattle and sheep in Isiolo , as well as cattle in Tana River. In Marsabit’s Moyale and Saku, all species have poor body conditions. ",5
11617,"Nearly 340,000 Rohingya children are living in squalid conditions in Bangladesh camps where they lack enough food, clean water and health care, the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) said on Friday. ",11
9256,"On rape, the men indicated that most cases of rape are not real, they are fake. Women lie that their husbands try to rape them so that they can get things from organizations. Girls lie that they have been raped; but when taken to hospital it is found they have not slept with many men. A middle-aged participant in the discussions said that poverty causes GBV. He said when women refuse the men sex because the men fail to provide for their families, the man is made too force himself on the woman to satisfy his sexual desire.  The discussion then turned to exchange of sex for items and money. The men said that this practice is very common in the camp, especially due to poverty. They said that some families send girls and women to search for food through sex. It was also reported that many girls enter into prostitution to buy expensive phones, clothes, shoes due to poverty. They said that girls want good things so that they can share nice selfies on the Facebook and instagram. It was reported that girls go out with older Ethiopian men as these ae the people who have money in the camp. Married women and widows also engage in prostitution because they need to provide for their households.",9
3809,"In 2017, a total of 689 schools and 220 Health infrastructures were attacked in the DRC; especially in Tanganyika, North Kivu, South Kivu, Maniema, Ituri provinces and in the Great Kasai region.",4
4735,"Syrian refugees report that their safety and security concerns are directly linked to negative attitudes from the host community and local authorities, including perceptions that local authorities give preferential treatment to the host community. Inequality in accessing public services and ill treatment from employers, including when resolving disputes, were highlighted as concerns. Poor infrastructure in areas of residence was also highlighted as concerning.",9
10249,"On May 21, the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) reported that internally displaced persons (IDP) movement from camps to urban or pre-urban areas in eastern Mosul is increasing. IDPs cite soaring temperatures, which make living in the tents incredibly uncomfortable, and the lack of employment or income generating activities as major reasons to move to eastern Mosul. The Iraqi government estimates that over 11,000 IDPs left camps and resettled to eastern Mosul between May 11 and May 18. The UNHCR requested US$ 578 million to support Iraqi refugees and IDPs in 2017, of which only 21% has been funded.  ",1
8597,"Malaria continues to be the leading cause use of morbidity accounting for 34 % and 16% of the consultations in the nonconflict-affected states and IDP sites respectively (Fig. 1a, 1b). However, the incidence in week 03 of 2017 is low compared to the previous two years(2015-2016)",4
5545,"Due to decline in pasture conditions, livestock feed availability, particularly for cattle and goats is especially challenging in the north of the country (livelihood zones 7 and 8). If early rains arrive in some areas, there may be a reduction in need for livestock watering. Farmers must increase purchase of agro-industrial byproducts for livestock feed, at prices 15 percent above average. This reduces their purchasing power, at a time of the year when many households rely on markets for their personal consumption. ",3
8201,"However, the local official expressed concern about the poor humanitarian condition in the area due to lack of food and other services. “There is no food in the area. The UN mission has promised to bring food through the World food Programme, but now nothing has come until now,”said Goc.",3
10213,"The FNSM Report also showed that a total 37 percent of the population are spending more than 65 percent of their income on food leaving very little to spend on other household needs. In addition, very poor minimum dietary diversity was observed in children under the age of two years. About 77 percent received one or two of the four minimum recommended food groups while only 1.8 percent met the minimum dietary diversity threshold",3
8728,"Clashes between opposing factions of the ex-Seleka armed group were also reported in Bambari, Ouaka prefecture. The Secretary-General’s Deputy Representative in the Central African Republic, who went to Bambari on 25 November with the United States and the African Union ambassadors, called an immediate cessation of hostilities.  ",5
2018,"The Burmese military is deliberately burning ethnic Rohingya villages near the Bangladesh border, Human Rights Watch said today. Such acts of arson, after forcing residents to leave their villages, appear central to the Burmese military’s ethnic cleansing campaign against the Rohingya Muslim population in Burma’s Rakhine State.",10
4852,"10 more children die in Mithi due to viral infections and malnutritionAt least ten more children lost their lives in Sindh's Tharparkar district over the past 24 hours due to malnutrition and the outbreak of viral infections and in the region, sources in Mithi Civil Hospital said. The children who lost their lives were hospitalised in Civil Hospital Mithi. They include Nashad, 1 year old; Khalida, 2; Intizar Ali, three months old; Marvi four months old; Abida five months old; Marvi, 8; Khatoon, 6 months old, Aisha, 8 months old; Dhana, 3 months old; and Shanti, 7 months old. According to credible sources in the health department, with the death of 10 more infants, deaths of children have risen to 190 in this year alone.  Speaking to local journalists, the parents of the ailing children and those whose children had lost their lives deplored the unavailability of drugs and other medical facilities in nearby health units. They complained that they had to travel hundreds of miles, in scorching heat, to bring their sick children to Mithi, due to which the condition of the children further deteriorated. Health and nutrition experts have urged the government to take notice of the unabated deaths of the infants in Thar. ",4
413,"The Borno State Ministry of Health in northeastern Nigeria has reported suspected cholera in Muna Garage, a camp hosting about 20,000 internally displaced persons on the outskirts of the state capital Maiduguri. A total of 152 cases of suspected cholera, including 11 deaths, as of 31 August 2017, have been reported. Three of the suspected cases are in close proximity to Muna Garage, not in the camp itself.",4
9145,"? The WHO Mortality and Morbidity Weekly Bulletin (16 – 22 October 2017) shows that acute respiratory infections are the most common type of disease among the vulnerable population in Cox’s Bazar, with significant burden of diarrhoeal and skin diseases, and fever. ",4
6082,"The protection of the child is a major preoccupation, with more than 3,000 children confirmed to be active in armed groups, and cases of sexual and gender-based violence every day.",9
9160,"Mr Phatta Bahadur Chhetri, division chief of the department of water supply and sewerage, said that many of the sewerage pipes within Kathmandu valley were also damaged during the earthquake.  “As a result, the sewage leaked through the water pipes and got mixed with stone taps. In some places it got mixed with the dug wells, affecting the water quality,” he said.",11
6551,"etween weeks 1 and 40 (2017), 558 suspected Lassa fever cases with 119 laboratory confirmed cases and 64 deaths (CFR, 11.47%) from 85 LGAs (26 States) were reported compared with 841 suspected cases with 83 laboratory confirmed cases and 98 deaths (CFR, 11.65%) from 137 LGAs (28 States) during the same period in 2016 (Figure 1).",4
554,"An aggressive cleanup of Koror is being conducted by the state government to remove possible mosquito breeding grounds. With schools out and the Belau Games ongoing, the chances of spreading the virus are high, according to the ",4
5227,"WFP reports indicate that the first containerized cargo vessel arrival in Al Hudaydah port since November 2017 took place in late May 2018. The absence of flows of containerized cargo through Al Hudaydah is believed to be one major factor driving lower import levels for some essential commodities, such as cooking oil, through Al Hudaydah compared to levels observed in 2017.",3
79,"The security situation in the Far North region remains unpredictable as the recent military sweep of the Sambisa Forest by the Nigerian army led Boko Haram fighters, once settled there, to disperse villages within Nigeria but also Cameroon. In February, 261 individuals (120 households) new arrivals were registered at Gourounguel transit center. They report having come from IDP camps in Mubi, Maiduguri, and Abuja in Nigeria, and from the Cameroonian localities of Zelevet, Mora, Bogo, Kashimri, Double, Tchakarmari, Guider and Yagoua in the Far North region, where they had previously found refuge, but where some are now fleeing insecurity, difficult living conditions and a wish to be reunited with family members in Minawao camp",3
10663,"Timely needs assessments, delivery of assistance and monitoring of  assistance to ascertain beneficiary satisfaction remain a challenge due to access constraints and other obstacles such as lack of funds 1.5m people in need of shelkter and nfi",10
1171,"As 2016 drew to a close, South India’s combined reservoir levels were 22 percentage points less than the average water availability over the past 10 years. The situation has serious implications for crops like paddy and coconut and will impact milk and sugar production, especially in Karnataka.",11
4409,"Shelter and WASH needs are the urgent priority to prevent outbreak. Households assets including household items and food stocks were also soaked and damaged in the wake of the storm, resulting in need for immediate food support and non-food items (NFI).Cox’s Bazar",11
7911,At least the first six months of 2018 will remain critical for pastoralist households trying to recover from consecutive whether shocks in southern and southeastern regions. ,5
11200,"Residents of the area, mostly living in shanties, had been demanding the removal of the dump, saying it was causing health problems. The government had said it would remove it as part of an infrastructure plan.",4
3625,"Wheat prices declined in March 2017 after increasing steeply in recent months. Prices of imported rice have remained mostly stable over the last few years, but increased by 19 percent in March 2017 compared to the previous month. By contrast, prices of imported wheat, the most important staple for urban consumers, recorded a marked volatility in 2015 and 2016 in the capital, Libreville. After being on the rise since mid-2016 and peaked in February 2017, wheat prices declined in March 2017 by about 6 percent.",3
1990,"Eight medical facilities in Idlib were deliberately attacked in April, paralyzing the medical infrastructure and leaving thousands without access to medical care. Numerous other hospitals throughout Syria were also attacked in April. ",4
2667,Rift Valley Fever outbreak - Yirol East with 43 suspect human cases including 6 confirmed,4
3786,"Mogadishu IDPs, priority needs (in % of the 840+ IDP sites): Food (26%), Shelter/NFI (21%), WASH (38%), Medical services (15%)",3
8959,Newly arrived refugees from C.A.R. and communities hosting them. More than 40 villages are congested with new arrivals. Food prices in the Logone Orientale region have notably increased and availability of commodities is limited.,5
2916,"On 22 May, armed conflict escalated further in Derna, especially to the west of the city. • Between 300 – 800 households have reportedly been displaced from Saida Khadija neighbourhood in the west as a result of the renewed conflict. A further 60 families have also been displaced from other neighbourhoods. • There are periodic closures of checkpoints and therefore people are not always able to enter and exit Derna, restricting their movement. • Humanitarian access to Derna is severely limited and no humanitarian supplies are reported as entered since mid-March. The most urgent needs are in the health sector, however protection concerns for civilians remain serious and the first food shortages are also being reported. Chronic shortages of fuel remain.",9
6967,"Mental health services in Lebanon are mostly private so refugees rely heavily on NGOs for mental health care. The government is now overhauling mental health care and integrating it into primary health care. Chammay said this would allow general medical doctors to offer mental health services and refer complex cases to specialists. The Health Ministry, the WHO and the U.N. children's agency UNICEF have set up a taskforce of some 60 agencies which is training doctors, nurses and social workers to provide refugees with mental health services. Psychotherapist Anne Marie Ghossain said one problem facing NGOs is that many refugees do not ask for help because they do not realize they need it. Others may be reluctant to do so when they have no money and are struggling to feed their families.",4
3033,"As families fled IS-held territory in Mosul and its surrounding areas, thousands of men and boys were separated from their families and arbitrarily arrested. While some IS fighters and commanders were captured in these arrests, many others were arrested for having non-combat roles with IS, such as being cooks or drivers, for simply having names that were similar to men listed in computer databases, for fleeing from certain areas or neighbourhoods or for being related to IS fighters. Many were extrajudicially executed. Those who survived have been detained in a vast network of official and underground detention centres and forcedto endure torture and horrific conditions. Almost all of these men and boys have been forcibly disappeared – cut off from the outside world and their families, who are denied any information about their fate. This wave of “disappearances”, in combination with the fact that thousands of men were killed or went missing during the conflict, means that thousands of female-headed families with a perceived affiliation to IS are now struggling for survival in Iraq",9
3384,"Psychological support: Migrants increasingly require psychological support as migration options and destinations are becoming more and more uncertain, many of them lose relatives on the way and/or are disillusioned by the conditions in their new host countries. The Italian Red Cross staff and volunteers who are constantly exposed to the influx of migrants also need psychological care to preserve well-being, avoid burn-out and high staff turnover.",4
11033,"The main reported needs for the IDP families are food and non-food items. The municipalities in the area reported shortages in medicine and medical supplies to deal with chronic illnesses and noted that 88 people are in need of urgent medical attention in relation to chronic illnesses (diabetes, hypertension and cardiac problems), and 23 people with disabilities need specialized care",7
7610,"Six people died from cholera in Kalma camp, near Nyala in South Darfur, during the holiday from Sunday to Tuesday. 32 others were infected. ",4
5961,"The unprecedented outbreak of plague in Madagascar, which started on 1 August 2017, has been contained, with a marked reduction in human-to-human transmission of pneumonic plague. From 1 August to 24 November 2017, a cumulative total of 2 384 confirmed, probable and suspected cases of plague, including 207 deaths (case fatality rate 8.7%), have been reported by the Ministry of Health of Madagascar to WHO. Since the beginning of the outbreak, 1 828 (77%) have been clinically classified as pneumonic plague, including 390 (21%) confirmed, 614 (34%) probable and 824 (45%) suspected cases. In addition to the pneumonic cases, 347 (15%) cases of bubonic plague, one case of septicaemic plague and 208 (9%) unspecified cases have been reported.",4
3010,"Only half of the average number of textbooks and seats end up in schools, the ministry concluded in a report to the Sudanese parliament. Meanwhile Central Darfur state recorded an enrolment in pre-school education of 32 percent of the children of school age. This number is 50 percent in South and West Darfur.Darfur last February, Unicef pointed out that Sudan has the highest out-of-school rate in Northern Africa.“Quality of education remains a major challenge; classrooms are overcrowded with high classroom-to-student ratios, insufficient classrooms, lack of furniture and learning materials and untrained teachers.”",2
3397,UNHCR in Tanzania says all the three refugee camps situated in Kibondo district of Kigoma Region were facing severe pressure of overcrowding and insufficiency of water and health facilities. ,4
11589,"The city has seen a surge in criminal activities over the past month, with many incidents of street crimes such as mobile snatching and bank heists occurring within a span of a few days from each other",9
6,"On at least 40 occasions, Israeli forces opened warning or direct fire at Palestinians present in, or approaching the Israeli-imposed Access Restricted Areas (ARA) on land and sea in Gaza. While no injuries were reported, the work of farmers and fishermen was repeatedly disrupted. Four Palestinians were arrested by Israeli forces, including a merchant while crossing the Israeli – controlled Erez crossing, and the others after attempting to cross illegally into Israel. On another two separate occasions, Israeli forces entered inside Gaza and carried out levelling and excavations near the perimeter fence.",5
1229,"Apprehended/Rescued Persons at sea  The Turkish Coast Guard apprehended 4,527 irregular migrants and registered 19 fatalities in the year of 2017. 1,551 irregular migrants were apprehended in month of April. These figures only include those apprehended and rescued by the Coast Guard; actual numbers of migrants and refugees departing Turkey by sea could be higher than this",9
491,"Especially the youth, women and some elderly were concerned about the possibilities available for children and youth to continue their education (primary, secondary and tertiary), which had been disrupted by the flight to Angola",2
5164,"Thousands more people are fleeing Mosul every day since Iraqi troops began their push into the last Islamic State-held areas of the city last week, with food and water running out and the fighting killing increasing numbers of civilians.  More than 22,000 people have fled Mosul since the U.S.-backed forces opened a new front in the northwest of the city on May 4 to try to finally dislodge the militants, the United Nations said on Wednesday, citing Iraqi government figures.",11
57,Aleppo with 9 hospitals attacked in 12 occasions as well as 1 blood bank and 2 health workers. ,4
4104,"Camps located in Central and Southern governorates as well as Mosul Emergency camps were more likely to report a lack of adequate WASH infrastructure, raising protection and health concerns in camps. Households living in Kerbala and Najaf have been buying drinking water from shops for over a year (April 2016). This was also the case for half of households in Baghdad and Diyala, which adds a significant financial burden on IDPs living in these camps. The lack of gender segregated toilets, with functioning lighting and locks on the inside was most commonly reported in Anbar, Sulaymaniyah and Mosul emergency camps, which raises significant protection concerns.",11
11636,"A total of 58,598 dengue cases were reported nationwide from January 1 to August 5, 2017. This number is 43.8% lower (104,211) than that for the same period in 2016 (Figure 5).",4
5253,"Staple food commodities are available in the urban reference markets across the country. Between October and November, wholesale maize prices, though on a decreasing trend, remained within averages in Kisumu but were 8 – 20 percent above average in Eldoret, Mombasa, and Nairobi due to increased demand and higher marketing costs. Dry bean prices were generally stable but remained 18 – 32 percent above average due to low local production and high-priced imports fromTanzania, Uganda, and Ethiopia. After a two-month extension, the Government of Kenya’s maize subsidy program is still slated to stop at the end of December.",3
7016,"efugees search for jobs outside the camp. In response, they said that as refugees, they are not allowed to work outside the camp. They said that they cannot even go outside to do any business as are required to leave all their cards behind, even the cards they use for receiving rations. They reported that it would be very difficult for them to go out and search for jobs outside the camp as they only get a single day to stay outside the camp. They indicated that the only job available to them would be food distribution in the camps but that’s even done by Malawians. They complained that all construction jobs are done by Malawians in the camp. They said that there are many doctors, teachers et cetera but that they are idle as they do not have real opportunities to work.",3
4343,"In Toungoo district, land confiscation and destruction is also caused by development projects, such as dam building,[7] construction of electricity cables and pylons,[8] creation of an industrial zone,[9] road construction,[10] and other military purposes. For example, in 2014 the Burma/Myanmar government confiscated areas of land for which villagers already possessed land titles. This land, in C--- and D--- villages, was then sold to Nyein Chan Yay [Peace Group].",5
684,"Hundreds of thousands are living in camps across the region without adequate water access or waste management. Typhoid, cholera, malaria and hepatitis E tend to become more widespread in the rainy season. Already in Niger’s Diffa region, more than thirty people have died due to Hepatitis E, most of them pregnant women, while hundreds of others are infected. There have also been reports of hepatitis E in northern Nigeria, bordering Niger. ",4
1014,"Given the prevailing security situation and the lack of humanitarian access to most of the affected areas, it is not possible for the UN and partners to confirm displacement figures or to independently verify allegations of widespread human rights violations. Many ongoing humanitarian activities across Rakhine remain either suspended or severely interrupted.",5
9112,"Fighting between the military and the Kachin Independence Army broke out on 3 June in Tanai Township, Kachin State. According to the JST, some 300 people from three villages have fled to Tanai town, with an unconfirmed number of civilians reportedly unable to leave the area of active fighting. An unconfirmed number of migrant workers have also left the area and returned to their villages of origin in other parts of the country. Local church groups are providing basic assistance to IDPs in Tanai but further support is reportedly needed. State authorities and CSOs are providing support to migrant workers transiting to other parts of the country and food for IDPs. 3",1
6355,"Since withdrawing its teams from Somalia four years ago due to a series of extreme attacks on its staff,  MSF has continuously monitored the situation in the country and re-engaged with the relevant authorities, assessing whether conditions would allow its staff to operate safely and humanitarian assistance to be delivered respectfully. MSF reiterates today the need for all parties to the conflict to support its medical assistance to the Somali people and to respect the safety of the humanitarian aid workers who risk their lives to care for them.",8
8999,"Humanitarian and protection needs continue to remain severe, both among displaced families and vulnerable residents of newly re-taken and accessible areas. People continue to flee under difficult and often dangerous circumstances, which are exacerbated by high temperatures. Specifically, concerns remain for the protection of civilians in ISIL-controlled areas of western Mosul, where food insecurity, lack of safe drinking water and medicines have been reported - some 180,000 people are estimated to still be living in the old city area and the neighbourhoods immediately north of the old city. ",11
4964,"The Special Rapporteur on water and sanitation warned that the lack of good quality, reliable drinking water forces people to get supplies from alternative, unsafe sources. “They are having to buy water from private sellers who use uncontrolled and unreliable sources, such as unprotected wells, exposing them to water-borne diseases such as cholera and other diarrheal diseases,” he said.",11
312,"The median price of manually refined diesel increased by approximately 30% in the subdistricts adjacent to Dar’a, although this change was not observed in Dar’a subdistrict itself. No significant change in the reported median price of government produced diesel was indicated.",7
4187,"WFP conducted a rapid food security and market assessment in Duma (a suburb of Eastern Ghouta) in mid-November to monitor the situation in the besieged area. The assessment found that because of the scarcity of staple foods and severe shortage of cooking fuel, the majority of households have been surviving on raw vegetables, consuming no more than one meal per day. Due to the lack of wheat, bakeries in Duma are baking bread made from a mix of barley taken from animal fodder and, when available, maize flour. The situation improved slightly at the end of the month thanks to wheat flour provided by WFP plus two new bakeries that started working in the area.",3
1475,"Host countries have become increasingly strained, and over half of all Venezuelans in these countries have no regular status. This makes them more vulnerable to multiple protection risks, such as labour and sexual exploitation. In countries where irregular armed groups and criminal gangs are actively recruiting, there is an additional risk that Venezuelans without other options may be tempted or forced to join these groups.",9
7903,"In Balidangi, Sadar and Haripur upazila of Thakurgaon district, huge amount of seedbed of onion is damaged due to hailstorm in April 05, according to Daily Prothom Alo, April 18, 2017.",5
6057,"Both the U.S. and EU regimes include exemptions for medicines and other humanitarian supplies. However, by clamping down on financial transactions and barring much business with the Syrian government, the sanctions are indirectly affecting trade in pharmaceuticals.",4
5633,"An infestation of armyworms, a pest that has hit maize fields in southern Africa, has spread across Malawi, a senior government official said on Tuesday.  'The armyworms have now spread affecting all the 28 districts (and) threatening the crop for this year ...we are prepared and we will put it under control,' Erica Maganga, principal secretary in the ministry of agriculture, told Reuters.",3
5468," The cholera outbreak that erupted in the eastern Sila and Salamat regions in August 2017 has been brought under control, according to the regions’ health authorities. No cases have been reported since 29 November. A total of 1,254 cases and 80 deaths were recorded in the outbreak. WASH activities, particularly sensitisation on hygiene, are being maintained especially in rural areas. Although the outbreak has been curbed, the underlying causes (low access to safe drinking water, poor hygiene practices) are yet to be addressed to prevent potential epidemics in a region regularly affected by health emergencies.  ",4
5425,"It was noted, inter alia, that, while the country was facing the conflict for the fourth consecutive year, violations against children had increased considerably compared to the preceding two years. The United Nations had verified over 1,000 incidents of all six grave violations against children, affecting close to 1,400 children. In particular, the recruitment and use of children, by all parties to the conflict, was assessed to be endemic.",9
5790,The main food gaps have been identified as being in Menbij town and surrounding rural areas and in Ein Issa IDPs camp (cotton factory) where many IDPs are being sent before getting a sponsor.,3
9906,"The humanitarian situation in Libya continues to deteriorate as a result of the prolonged conflict, limited availability of cash in banks, and frequent electricity interruptions, which negatively affect the provision of basic social services.",5
1488,"Even before the current crisis, women and girls in Yemen faced entrenched gender inequalities that limited access to services, livelihoods and other opportunities as a result of prevailing social norms. Conflict has in many cases exacerbated these limitations, and women and girls face a range of specific vulnerabilities. Female-headed households face additional challenges as they seek to provide for their families in a difficult environment, potentially relying on negative coping strategies that leave them susceptible to exploitation and abuse. Key informants across the country report that 10.3 per cent of IDP households are headed by females, including 2.6 per cent headed by minor females. Child marriage remains a serious issue, with 52 per cent of Yemeni girls marrying before age 18, and 14 per cent before age fifteen. Rates of child marriage are reportedly increasing as families seek dowry payments to cope with conflict-related hardship. An IDP assessment in Taizz revealed that 8 per cent of girls aged 12 to 17 are pregnant, indicating a prevalence of early marriage. Escalating conflict and displacement are also associated with greater risks and incidence of gender-based violence (GBV), including sexual abuse. Focus group discussions have shown that women report psychological distress due to violence, fear for family members, and fear of arrest or detention, while men report distress due to loss of livelihoods, restricted mobility, and being forced to perform “women-specific roles”. These kinds of stress among males can lead to increased levels of domestic violence, placing more women at risk. The GBV Information Management System (IMS) recorded 8,031 incidents between January and September 2016, 64 per cent of which were cases of emotional or psychological abuse (3,373 cases) or physical assault (1,767 cases). However, the true extent is certainly far greater in light of social norms that discourage reporting",9
5040,"Towards the end of 2016, the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) experienced floods, in two locations.  On 9 November, in Gemena, in the northeast of the DRC, over 2,000 people were affected by extensive floods that occurred in the neighbourhoods located on the banks of rivers Mombonga, Sukia and Labo.    Also, on 26 December 2016, heavy rain caused the river Kalamu to overflow, destroying thousands of homes.  At least 50 people died and thousands have been left homeless. Boma is located in the southwest of the DRC.",10
5266,"isumu health officials fear patients with HIV and TB might default on treatment following the flash floods which have displaced hundreds of families.Health executive Rosemary Obara said cases of default on treatment are likely to be reported. The county government said residents of Nyando, Muhoroni, Nyakach and Kisumu East were the most affected after River Nyando burst its banks following heavy rains.Health facilities have also been flooded, making it difficult for residents to access the services.“Locals have moved out of their homes, risking their lives. High incidents of diarrhoea, malaria, coughs and cold, pneumonia and malnutrition are likely to be witnessed,” she said.Other health programmes affected by floods are immunisation for children and family planning visits.Malaria prevalence in Kisumu is about 20 per cent, down from 35 per cent. Meanwhile, HIV prevalence stands at 19.4 per cent, against the national index of six per cent.To mitigate any disease outbreaks, a team of health providers have been dispatched to the affected areas. “We have distributed water treatment chemicals and needed drugs to families affected,” Obara said. She called for a joint effort to mitigate the effects of floods.",4
1693,"During the month of August, 917 cholera cases, with no death, were reported across the country as compared to 6 383 suspected cases including 20 associated deaths (CFR: 0.31%) reported in July 2017.",4
9237,"Also in southeastern and coastal areas of Kenya, “short-rains” maize production is estimated at very low levels, ranging from 50 to 80 percent of the previous five-year average. In these areas, seasonal rains were characterized by the late onset, below-average values anderratic distribution, leading to reduced yields and plantings as a significant number of farmers decided to not plant at all or to opt for more drought-tolerant crops, such as cassava.",3
6637,"During the lean season, from June to August 2017, 335,000 people were estimated to be food insecure, of whom 123,000 were severely food insecure. This situation is likely to worsen if assistance is not provided to strengthen household livelihoods and support agriculture, livestock raising and fishing activities. In addition, the overall acute malnutrition rate in the Lac Region has reached 12.2% and severe acute malnutrition is above the 2% emergency threshold.",3
10378,"The villages of Gossi and Ouinerden (Rharous area, Timbuktu region) have been affected by heavy rainfall that caused flash flooding. According to local rapid assessments, the floods resulted in damage to shelter and property, loss of foodstuff and the death of thousands of livestock. The risk of water-borne disease outbreak is high after water points were contaminated by animal corpses. ",5
3853,"Michika food security: 9% food secure, 36% marginally, 33% moderately, 22% severely",3
4913,"On 21 and 22 January, more than 45 strikes were carried out across the country and its borders, with targets varying from a school north of the capital Sana'a and Saudi border military bases. ",2
190,"Around 10,000 people fled to the bush surrounding the town or to nearby places. Another 10,000 people crossed over the border to Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and are staying in a makeshift camp there. The camp is in a remote area, two days’ walk from the nearest village. Pregnant women have to give birth in the bush. There is minimum shelter and few mosquito nets, increasing the already high risk of malaria. There is no clean drinking water or sanitation, and our local staff team there reports an increase in cases of diarrhoea.",7
10938,The HPA agencies identified specific concerns given the challenging baseline situation in Timor-Leste: ? 70% of the population rely on rain fed subsistence agriculture ? 41% of the total population lives below the international poverty line ? 50.2% of children under 5 are stunted and 37.7 underweight  ,8
11061,"There are currently 320 000 refugees in Tanzania, more than 240 000 from Burundi. Since May 2017, due to decreased assistance, food rations have been reduced, reaching only 60 % of the 2 100 required kilocalories a day in September.Reduced kilocalories and nutrition intake would result in acute malnutrition and increased vulnerability to disease, particularly among the most vulnerable.",3
8334,The publication provides a detailed description of the project’s operational approach and draws lessons from the case studies to inform and guide best practices to implement integrated ecosystem-based disaster risk reduction and ecosystem-based adaptation (EbA). It is intended for practitioners worldwide planning to initiate and/or scale-up ecosystembased measures for long-term resilience. ,0
1502,"Limited transitional shelter solutions available to a large number of refugees settled in camps around Gambella continues to be a major challenge, with many families remaining in emergency shelters for an extended period of time. Access to most parts of Nguenyyiel Camp remains a challenge especially during the rainy season. More access gravel roads and drainage channels need to be constructed to address the problem.",10
205,"at the national level, about 148,458 persons are food insecure or vulnerable to food insecurity representing approximately 8% of the total population (of which 0.6% are severely food insecure) of the 2015 projected population of The Gambia. This represents an increase in the proportion of the food insecure population from 5.6% in the 2011 CFSVA.",8
1256,"The deficit in the northeast monsoon is likely to have implications for the economy. It may also accentuate inter-state river disputes, especially the sharing of Cauvery waters. While it is too early to predict the exact shortfalls in crop production, sowing figures from South India do not portend well. ",11
2469,Damages estimated at 45% to buildings in the city. Before the return of its people the city needs to be various chemicals like fertilisers or  insecticides sprayed on it to expel harmful insect pest resulting from dead Bodies and air pollution. ,7
3382,"With near-normal rains at start of season, current prospects for 2018 wheat output are positive Planting of the 2018, mostly irrigated “rabi” (winter) wheat crop, was completed in December 2017, with harvesting expected to start in April 2018",0
6692,The main international airport in Kabul has also been closed because of snow and ice on the runway.,6
9083,"Baidoa: The current situation ha s resulted in deplorable living conditions for IDPs living these congested settlements. The land these IDPs have occupied is majorly privately owned and therefore evictions are rampant. Population growth has resulted in water shortages, since no correspond ing improvements has been made to the water system since 2008. Southern part of the city being higher suffers most from water shortage .",11
3128,"The United States will deploy at least 1,500 soldiers from the Ready First Brigade to Afghanistan",9
2879,"People in the area, which falls on the border of Makonde and Hurungwe districts, use the bush system to relieve themselves and draw drinking water from nearby Angwa River.  There are now fears of a water-borne disease outbreak if proper hygienic conditions are not put in place urgently.  The community largely comprises small-scale gold miners who normally build temporary structures as they move from place to place.",11
2601,"Generally, 53% of the service providers are based in the HF, while 47% are community based. As for distribution of health workforce, SD is having the highest number (3,635) followed by WD (2,482) then ND (2,162).   At HFs, Nurses and CHW constitute the majority of the health workforce, which is followed by the MWs then MAs, while the Village Volunteers represent the highest workforce at community level.   74% of the Public Health Officers are working in SD, while WD is having the least number of PHOs (10%), followed by ND (16%). WD is having the least number of MWs (13%), followed by SD (42%) and ND (43%).   At community level, 73% of the total CHPs and 44% of VTMWs are working in WD, followed by 28% CHPs and 42% VTMWs working in SD.",4
4259,"• WFP finalized an assessment report on the impact of floods earlier this year on 53 communities in Bafata, Gabu and Oio regions. Production losses across 17,318 ha in the three regions reach 24,712 mt valued at over XOF 12 million. The report recommends adjustments in the crop calendar and farming practices. On 14 November, the Chinese Government donated rice valued at USD 2.3 million to assist Bissau-Guinean social organizations and farmers whose crops have been destroyed by floods and drought.",3
1314,The United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq (UNAMI) calls on the Government of Iraq to investigate a video report circulating on social media sites which purportedly shows the brutal mistreatment and murder of at least three captured ISIL members in a retaken area between Intisar and Karma neighbourhoods of east Mosul at the hands of what appears to be Iraqi Security Forces Personnel.,9
395,"Epidemiology Unit, Ministry of Health: Dengue update, 14 July 2017During the last 07 month of the year 2017, 90865 suspected dengue cases have been reported to the Epidemiology Unit from all over the island. Latest Disease Trends,Approximately 42.37% of dengue cases were reported from the Western province. The highest numbers of dengue cases were reported during the 27 week of 2017. This situation warrants regular removal of possible mosquito breeding sites from the environment. It is also important to seek medical attention in the event of fever by day three of the illness. ",4
10623,"Heavy rain have been affecting the country over the past few days, causing floods.According to local media reports, as of 27 March at 7.00 UTC, two people have gone missing due to the overflow of Puerto Plata river in Duarte province. National authorities reported that over 170 houses have been affected, of which at least eight have been fully destroyed and at least 855 people have been evacuated in the provinces of Puerto Plata and Duarte.The Emergency Operations Center of Dominican Republic (COE), has issued a Red Alert for severe weather conditions for the province of Puerto Plata.",10
7453,"Aid workers and witnesses reportedly saw armed forces using bulldozers and large vehicles to destroy shelters, schools and other assets at the end of last month. Most demolished properties housed families who have fled fighting and drought in parts of the country.'Over 21 IDP settlements, housing over 5,800 households were destroyed. The destruction included schools, learning centers and materials — leaving children not only homeless but also with no hope to access any form of education. These communities, who are displaced as a result of drought, are now faced with further vulnerabilities and risks including disease outbreak, exploitation and abuse.",9
4986,Prostitution. This is commonly done by women whose husbands are drunkards and the widows. Many women are doing this to save their daughters from doing it because of lack of basic needs and enough food in their homes. They resolve into prostitution to keep the girls in school.,5
4945,"Villages like Korgwe, Effa, Koroko, Ambo and Angie in Batibo Subdivision of the North West Region are not only empty, but also in shambles, following deadly clashes between unknown gunmen and security forces. According to reports, over 4000 locals have deserted their ancestral site after the March 3, 2018, confrontation between the Cameroon army and some unknown gunmen who are reportedly paying allegiance to the Ambazonia Defence Forces (ADF).It is also reported that villages like Gurissen, Kwano and Tingto, have completely been reduced to rubbles.Speaking to reporters in Bamenda, the Mayor of Batibo, FrederickTanjoh, confirmed that there were deadly clashes between troops and ADF, with untold casualties.Even though he could not give an exact number of persons who perished in the confrontation, social media has been awash by information that over 70 soldiers were killed by the gunmen, while hundreds of the gunmen also paid the supreme prize. Even though JournalduCameroun.com could not independently ascertain the number of deaths, it can however confirm from thorough investigations that the collateral damage was colossal.",10
7771,"Thousands of internally displaced persons (IDPs) continue to flee west Mosul daily. About 7,500 IDPs reportedly arrived at Hammam Al-Alil screening site, 25 km south of Mosul, on 12 April. IDPs undergo a final security clearance in Hammam Al-Alil before proceeding onwards to camps or urban locations. Most of the displaced families choose to be transferred to east Mosul, where they either join relatives, rent accommodation, or occupy empty buildings. IDPs interviewed by UNHCR’s partner reported that the volatile security situation in west Mosul and the lack of services, including potable water, pushed them to leave the city. According to the government, 297,000 persons have been displaced from west Mosul since military operations to retake the west bank of the city began on 19 February.",11
5189,"Since the beginning of 2017, there is a lack of nutritional products in several nutritional centers in Malemba-Nkulu, according to a recent mission. An average of some 520 children under 5 years old suffering from severe acute malnutrition are admitted in the ambulatory therapeutic nutrition unit of Malemba since January.",3
513,"Three (3) new cases of cVDPV2 were reported this week. The total number of cVDPV2 cases is 30 (29 cases are from Mayadeen district, Deir Ez-Zor governorate, and 1 case from Tell Abyad district, Raqqa governorate).",4
1706,"More than 15,802 children and pregnant or lactating women were screened for malnutrition. Out of them, 130 children were found to be severely malnourished, while 411 children as well as 250 mothers were diagnosed as moderately malnourished. ",8
3161,"Returnee and IDP families are increasingly occupying sub-standard housing options (tents, unfinished and damaged buildings), from less than 5% of returnees and IDPs occupying either of these housing types, to 5 to 20% occupying each.",10
972," 57 hectares of farmland along the side of the river had dried up, affecting a large number of households.",5
1018,"In a bid to quash incessant attacks and infiltration, the authorities have evacuated some areas, banned trade in fish and pepper and shut down the markets. Such moves have undermined the local economy at a time when Diffa has already faced repeated food crises.",3
5399,"Rains in Uraba and river overflow on 10 March:The official report to date is 12 houses destroyed, 226 families affected, 4 injured (3 adults and 1 girl aged 7).",10
11036,"The reduced Coping Strategy Index (rCSI) measures the use of five food consumption-based coping strategies during the seven days preceding the assessment. Four in every five households experienced some difficulties accessing enough food during the week preceding this assessment. However, the mean rCSI decreased slightly from 22 in January to 20 in February. The mean rCSI remains high at 21 for households with poor consumption, but has decreased from 24 in January to 17 in February for households with borderline food consumption. For households with acceptable food consumption, the rCSI has increased from 17 in January to 21 in February. With respect to household groups, the rCSI for IDPs decreased from 23 in January to 20 in February. Despite the difficulties encountered by these households, community solidarity remains high and 76 percent of households have shared their ration with other households. ",3
11518,"Fall Armyworm was reported in 23 counties with over 800,000 hectares threatened. Meat and dairy prices may show some recovery, but will rise as pastures diminish. Across Kenya, greater numbers of poor families will be unable to meet their minimum dietary needs. As food and milk consumption decreases, malnutrition is on the rise. ",0
971,"A group of 36 Yazidi survivors including women, men and children have recently been rescued from slavery, having been held in captivity by the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) for nearly three years. The Yazidi survivors safely reached Duhok two nights ago. The Yazidi women and girls are currently being cared for at dedicated service points set up by UNFPA, with the support of the Dutch government, and have been provided with first response assistance, including lodging, clothing, medical and psychological first aid, even as they are being reunited with their families. These survivors will be referred for further specialised treatment and support at women’s centres especially established by UNFPA, with support from the Governments of Canada and the United States. ",9
9014,"With Gaza's unemployment rate at 42 percent, among the highest in the world, in addition to a decade-long Israeli-Egyptian blockade and ongoing recovery efforts from three military offensives, much of the population is battling depression, anxiety or post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).",4
2393," Image copyright AFP Image caption Nigeria needs as many as 800,000 doses of the type C meningitis vaccine to deal with the outbreak Nigeria does not have enough vaccine doses to deal with a deadly meningitis outbreak because they are too expensive, a senior official has said.   Cost Concerns:   Each vaccine dose costs $50, and only 500,000 doses are currently available, Dr Chikuwe Ihekuwazu, head of Nigeria's Centre for Disease Control said.  The outbreak which is said to be spreading rapidly has already killed more than 300 people.   It is the worst to hit Nigeria since 2009 when it killed 156 people.",4
9630,"Floods have caused significant damage to household food stocks, especially those which were in houses severely damaged. Furthermore, the lean period in some part of the flooded region is intensifying food insecurity concerns. Moreover, considering that this is the fourth flooding event to affect some areas this year, there is an amplified percentage of poor to borderline food consumption, which is almost double the national average of Bangladesh. Diminished food stocks and purchasing power is exacerbating a food crisis, rendering food assistance a priority intervention. Food needs are not limited to people whose houses have been damaged but also extended to people in temporary shelter. In addition to accessing food, there are limitations relating to food diversity status, implicating the nutrition status of affected families. This has forced many people to adopt negative and exploitive coping mechanism such as skipping meals, reducing meal sizes and not taking preferred or nutritious food. If this situation persists, there is possibility of Moderate Acute Malnutrition, especially for children aged under five years. In addition, a threat of infectious diseases presents an environment for Severe Acute Malnutrition among children.",3
8037,"The Ministry of Education has not fixed an official date to resume classes, taking into account that each province has been affected differently. However, it is estimated that schools across the country will reopen their doors throughout the week. More than 1,400 educational facilities have been affected, most of them located in Havana, Villa Clara, Matanzas, Camagüey and Ciego de Avila Provinces. The latter has more than 50% of its facilities damaged. ? Although only two collapses are reported in the Holguín Province, partial damage to roofs and windows, contaminated cisterns, fallen trees, and damaged perimeter fences and walls have been reported.",2
7112,"The Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights (IOHR) stated that the remaining civilians in the right coast of Mosul are still under threat of airstrikes. Although unidentified, the strikes seem to largely belong to US-led Coalition Forces.",9
10617,"A report by the United Nations Support Mission in Libya revealed high levels of violence with many migrants including children receiving punishment, including torture, for no discernible reason. Migrants were at a loss for words when attempting to explain why the torture or punishment was taking place.24",9
887,"The Minister of the Displaced People Affairs, Yousif Jalala, said he authorized service companies to start working on preparing Tawergha city before the time is due for the IDPs to return in February. Jalala told the press that his ministry is working on getting the needed services done such as water and electricity networks, service works at the schools and the like by the end of January.",10
6869,"The destruction has left thousands of already vulnerable populations and their families homeless, without access to health, water, food and community infrastructures such as latrines and schools. The destruction included schools, learning centers and materials—leaving children not only homeless but also with no hope to access any form of education. These communities, who are displaced as a result of drought, are now faced with further vulnerabilities and risks including disease outbreak, exploitation and abuse. ",9
10560,"More than 60,000 citizens in Pibor County in South Sudans Boma State are facing shortages of food as a result of a failed agriculture season and poor harvest last year, a local official said.",3
5213,"A pharmacist in Khartoum told Radio Dabanga that people have complained about the shortages of malaria medicines, drops against blindness, and medicines that reduce cholesterol. The majority of pharmaceutical medicines “are almost non-existent in Khartoum's pharmacies”, he said. “Some patients are forced to buy them from Cairo, especially blindness drops and medicines for sight operations.” ",4
2762,"The state-run Zimbabwe Electricity Supply Authority (Zesa) has been unable to keep up with a payment plan agreed upon with Eskom earlier this year. Now 'frantic' efforts are being made to meet a May 31 payment deadline, Zesa boss Josh Chifamba was quoted as saying.",7
3527,"The January 2017 nutrition assessment of children under 59 months indicated a deterioration as compared to the last quarter of 2016, as expected given the current period of the lean season. Current estimates for 2017 are that 35,000 children will suffer from severe acute malnutrition (21,750 alone in the South).",8
8913," Serious access and protection concerns   persist: The spike in armed conflict and active hostilities attr ibuted to militar y operations and inter-clan conflict has been exper ienced in par ts of Bakool, Galgaduud, Juba, Middle Shabelle , Lower Shabelle , Bar i and Galmudug regions increasing cases of abuses against civilians, including widespread Gender-Based Violence , recruitment and use of children, indiscr iminate and dispropor tionate attacks on civilian areas and destruction of infrastructure .  ",9
7666,"Measles • In week 13, there were 43 new suspected measles cases compared to 50 cases in week 12. Since 31 December 2017, there were a total of 1105 suspected measles cases. • To assess ongoing transmission and circulation of measles virus, a rapid sampling strategy has been designed to sample 25 patients over 3-4 days, with the possibility of extending sampling timeframes up to seven days.",4
653,"Abdelrahman Abdullah Mohammed, the head Sheikh of the camps in Kass told Radio Dabanga on Tuesday that there are only two health centres in the 37 camps for 187,000 displaced people amid an acute shortage in medicines and medical personnel.",4
9128,"In Rakhine, over 128,000 IDPs remain in 23 camps or camplike settings. The protracted nature of their displacement has led to increased pressure on families as they suffer from overcrowded conditions and a lack of privacy in camps/ shelters, posing a range of protection concerns including increased risk of sexual and gender-based violence, especially for women and children. Despite a concerted effort to reconstruct and repair shelters during the 2016-17 dry season as well as response to damages resulting from cyclone Mora, approximately 37 per cent of temporary shelters still require rehabilitation/ repair due to their limited 2-3 year lifespan. Improvements to other camp infrastructure such as the provision of solar lighting to mitigate protection risks is also urgently required across all IDP camps. In terms of CCCM support, efforts to reform Camp Management Committees (CMCs) and to promote the self-governance of camps continue but require dedicated support and leadership from the Government. The needs for NFIs are more acute due to severe restrictions on freedom of movement, access to sustainable livelihoods and access to basic services.",4
10805,"Thousands of people particularly in Tsholotsho have been displaced.Crops, livestock and other property were destroyed by the rains. Schools and other infrastructure such as bridges have been destroyed in some parts of the country cutting off children from their schools and health facilities. Those already in need of food aid cannot be reached because of the flooded roads.",2
10531,"Nepal’s Maoist leader Pushpa Kumar Dahal, despite holding the prime minister’s office in 2016, failed to ensure accountability for human rights abuses during the civil war as promised by his party in a 2006 peace agreement, Human Rights Watch said in its World Report 2017. The government also followed the pattern of its predecessor in failing to disburse relief funds to victims of the devastating 2015 earthquakes.",9
96,"Afghans described to Human Rights Watch various coercive factors that began in June 2016 after relations between Afghanistan and Pakistan deteriorated, including: increasingly insecure legal status; government announcements that all Afghans should leave, and the resulting ever-present threat of deportation; daily police extortion that intimidated and stripped them of their limited income and ability to make ends meet in Pakistan; arbitrary detention; police raids on their homes; exclusion of their children from Pakistani schools and shutting down Afghan refugee schools; and, to a lesser extent, police theft and unlawful use of force. Pakistani police abuses decreased in October 2016, although reports of ongoing abuses continued well into December",9
994,"An initial assessment on 3 March found that some 7,500 people from the first wave of displacement were staying in open areas during an assessment mission by humanitarian actors, with 6,500 people staying in open fields in six settlements in Little Osajli and in Big Osajli villages, and some 1,000 people staying in open areas alongside roads and in the outskirts of Menbij city. Since this assessment, reports from several partners on the ground indicate an additional 25,000-30,000 people have been displaced who do not have adequate shelter. The majority of the displaced were observed to be vulnerable groups including the elderly, women and children; as most young men have reportedly been recruited into the SDF or GoS forces, or fled to avoid forced recruitment. As the number of displaced people continues to grow, their demographic composition might be subject to change.",9
9046,"Abu Ghassan is one of an estimated 15 percent of residents in opposition-held areas of Daraa province who are now working on their homes, Ameen Marzouqi, local director of the opposition Department of Statistics and Administrative Affairs, told Syria Direct on Monday. His department gathers statistics from local councils in towns and cities across opposition territory in the province. Three months ago, before the ceasefire took effect, just two percent of residents were making repairs, Marzouqi said.  ",10
7531,"Bloody diarrhoea has been reported in the villages of Somboké and Ngoumourou in the Kaga Bandoro Health District. From weeks 1 to 9, a cumulative total of 118 cases of diarrhoea, with three deaths (case fatality rate 3%) have been reported from the area. Thirty-five stool samples sent to the Kaga District Hospital laboratory in Bandoro were positive for Entamoeba histolytica (10/35) and schistosomes (2/35). These samples will be sent to the Institute Pasteur Bangui to test for Shigella.",4
5994,"Violence often breaks out, mainly over delays in asylum procedures and poor living standards. Lesbos residents went on strike earlier this month to protest against European policies they say have turned it into a 'prison' for migrants and refugees. ",9
3982,"In January 2017 arctic cold, which brought a record breaking low temperature, paralyzed Russia, Ukraine and the whole Eastern Europe. The temperature in the region dropped to -30°C, resulting in transport collapse and damage to communal infrastructure, disruption of heat and electricity supply, frostbite of hundreds of people and a rapid growth of flu and other diseases rate in many places. Harsh weather has led to a drop of temperature in the places where Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) and refugees found shelter and which were constructed not for low temperatures.",4
9804,"The United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) has been forced to reduce food rations for 320,000 refugees in Mtendeli, Nduta and Nyarugusu Camps in northwest Tanzania as a result of funding shortfalls. WFP urgently requires US$23.6 million from now through to December 2017 to be able to continue meeting the food and nutritional needs of refugees in Tanzania.",3
4664,"Food security risks for the affected population are maintained due to the damages to the plantations and the food storage facilities, mainly in the municipalities of Baracoa, Imias, Maisi, and San Antonio del Sur. Severe draught is affecting several municipalities of Guantnamo province, risking communities water supply and agriculture, according to the Provincial Division of the National Hydraulic Resources Institute. Water reservoirs in the province are at 45, 7% of capacity",11
3820,"Somali is the worst affected region by the current outbreak of Acute Watery Diarrhoea (AWD), accounting for 91 percent of the reported cases. The Federal Ministry of Health and the Regional Health Bureau in Somali are supported by international partners in the implementation of a coordinated, multi-sector(health, WaSH, nutrition) response to the outbreak. However, there is a growing realization of the need to expand AWD prevention and response operations within Somali and other at-risk regions ",4
5811,"Overall food insecurity in the country is on the rise, with almost 1.6 million people (6 percent of the population) considered to be severely food insecure and 9.7 million people (34 percent of the population) being moderately food insecure. Continuing conflict, natural hazards and limited economic opportunities increase the vulnerability of the poorest households, including subsistence farmers.",3
808,It's been several months since the last humanitarian aid arrived. The last convoy delivered small amount of diesel fuel,7
6364,"Civilians caught in the middle of the ongoing conflicts in Myanmar’s north have been forced to suffer through torture, disappearances, forced labour and restrictions on humanitarian access, with fears on the ground that clashes will intensify in the months ahead, according to a new report by Amnesty International.",9
735,"The occurrence of El Niño is now at over 85 per cent possibility towards the end of the year, which will affect the Deyr season (Oct – Dec), but not the Gu. Acute malnutrition is sharply increasing in most parts of the country, which increases the likelihood for diseases. The nutrition situation is further deteriorating much more than anticipated and global acute malnutrition has reached as high as 26.4 per cent in Badhan (Sanaag), 23.0 per cent in Abuduwaq (Galgadud), and 19.6 per cent in Hudur (Bakool). All results are well above the critical level of malnutrition.",8
4248,Children under 5 years old represent 28.6% of total suspected cases.,4
8279,"“Medicines appear to be available, but the problem is the ongoing new infections,” El Doma said. Recent rains caused the spread of flies and stagnant dirt in Kosti, contributing to the spread of the disease, in addition to the lack of safe drinking water. ",11
2843,"The regularity of food assistance was reported to be inconsistent across governorates: overall, 45% of sites reported receiving food assistance on a monthly basis, while 43% reported rarely receiving assistance, and 11% reported never receiving assistance. Once again, sites in Salah al-Din reported the most alarming findings – only 20% of sites reported receiving assistance on a monthly basis, 28% reported never receiving assistance, and just over half reported rarely receiving assistance.",3
2920,"Some civilians accused government forces blocked them from entering the UN camp, allegations Sudan Tribune could not verify.",9
9849,"During the reporting period, the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) took full control of the Al-Thawrah (Tabqa) town, following weeks of fighting. The takeover reportedly came after an agreement was reached between the SDF and ISIL whereby the remaining ISIL fighters withdrew from the last two neighbourhoods they had control over as well as the Tabqa dam, eastwards towards Ar-Raqqa city. During the fighting, only an estimated 15,000 inhabitants stayed in the city out of an estimated 70,000 people. Since the takeover, around 15,000 people have reportedly returned to Al-Thawrah town. Furthermore, IDPs who had been staying at informal settlements to the south of the town, have also started returning. The town’s markets have small quantities of food commodities that are considered insufficient to meet the needs of the people. There are, reportedly no operating clinics or hospitals, nor medicines available in the city and no baby milk for children. Most of the water stations, pipes and water tanks have been destroyed so people do not have access to safe drinking water and are resorting to using water from the lake, which is considered unsafe. Traders are reportedly using boats to resupply their shops from markets on the other side of the river, while waiting for the dam bridge road to reopen.",11
11477,"Rescuers are digging through the rubble of collapsed buildings in the capital trying to reach survivors, as thousands prepare to spend the night outside as darkness fell. ",10
7828,"Across the pastoral areas, there continue to be improvements in water and forage availability, but the changes are less marked in eastern areas. Livestock have returned to homesteads and their prices are increasing due to improving body conditions, boosting milk availability and income at the household level. More poor households are expected to improve to Stressed (IPC Phase 2) between November and December, but a majority of poor households are still expected to remain in Crisis (IPC Phase 3). ",3
8275,"Twelve people have died and 500 infected with watery diarrhea in the states of Khartoum, Red Sea and Gedaref during last week, said a report by the independent Central Committee of Sudanese Doctors (CCSD) ",4
5621,"More than 600 people have been left homeless, destitute, and without food after a fire that broke out at camp El Neem north of Ed Daein in East Darfur destroyed 100 homes on Wednesday.",10
11533,"2017 has been marked by dramatic events that have led to a serious deterioration of the protection situation of IDPs and other affected people across Rakhine, Kachin and northern Shan. Based on the 2015 Protection Concerns and Risks Analyses and regular protection monitoring in IDP camps and return areas, the main protection needs continue to revolve around 1) access to timely and quality protection services, 2) access to documentation, 3) prevention and response to (i) gender-based violence (GBV), (ii) grave violations against children and (iii) risky migration practices, 4) protection of civilians in conflict areas, including through mine action.",9
7004,"Darfur: 50k civilians taking refuge in Jebel Marra caves An estimated 50,000 people displaced by recent fighting between government troops and rebels in Darfur’s Jebel Marra, are reportedly taking refuge in mountain caves in the Libei area.  Voluntary work activists estimated the number of those fleeing their villages in the eastern areas of Jebel Marra after the government attacks at about 50,000. Activists told Radio Dabanga that these civilians have been displaced from the areas of Sawani, Terongafogi, Owru, and Rokona after the government attack and the battles with the Sudan Liberation Movement led by Abdelwahid (SLM-AW).  Activists said the civilians in the caves are sleeping on stones with no water or food.",3
5202,"• An average of 70% shelter in makeshift settlements is damaged, 20% severely damaged in Kutupalong and Balukhali. Significant number of shelters sustained severe damage in refugee camps too. • Self-initiated repair and reconstruction started after the storm, with some roofing materials salvageable and repurchased, estimated 30% affected population have started rebuilding. • People who are displaced or lost their shelters took shelter in nearby villages, schools or mosques. However limited options are presented to UMN population and the space is overcrowded",10
7310,"LGA: Dikwa 26 – 28 May 2017 Movement: Organized Trigger: Improved security  340 individuals (205 HH) were brought by the Civilian Joint Task Force to 20-Housing Unit Camp in Dikwa town between 26 and 28 May. The majority were from Muliye Afuye ward of Dikwa LGA and others were from villages in Gulumba ward of Bama LGA.  DTM & ETT Cumulative: IDPs = 100,948",10
4837,"He added that the victims were in dire need of humanitarian assistance, which includes medicines, mattresses and food.",7
8849,"Abyan, Hadramawt, Al Hudaydah, Lahij, and Ta’izz governorates are experiencing global acute malnutrition (GAM) levels greater than 15 percent, while seven other governorates are experiencing GAM levels between 10–15 percent, according to the Nutrition Cluster. Approximately 7.5 million people are in need of nutrition assistance countrywide, with 1.8 million children younger than five years of age and 1.1 million pregnant and lactating women requiring treatment for acute malnutrition in 2017",8
3493,"• Due to widespread losses of crops (up to 100 percent in some areas of Grand’Anse), livestock and seeds, the next harvest expected in February-March 2017 could be seriously affected, exacerbating and prolonging acute food insecurity well into this year",3
3972,"Households also have lower than normal food access due to high levels of debt. In northern and central regions, debt increased 100-400 percent between December 2016 and December 2017. In drought-affected southern areas, including Bay, Bakool, Gedo, and Hiran, debt levels increased between 40-170 percent over the same time period. The increase in debt levels was driven by households purchasing food and water on credit, as well as borrowing money to fund livestock migration.",3
9498,"The already precarious humanitarian and security situation in the country has deteriorated over the past year, worsening even further since the start of 2018. There are currently an estimated 687,400 internally displaced persons, up from 440,000 in 2017, including more than 357,400 children who lost access to education, health and protection services.",9
10934," In 2015, the most recent year for which there is data, only one out of four newborns in Equatorial Guinea were immunized for polio and measles and one out of three for tuberculosis–among the lowest rates in the world. Life expectancy and infant mortality are below the sub-Saharan African average.",4
1328,"Thousands more people are fleeing Mosul every day since Iraqi troops began their push into the last Islamic State-held areas of the city last week, with food and water running out and the fighting killing increasing numbers of civilians.  More than 22,000 people have fled Mosul since the U.S.-backed forces opened a new front in the northwest of the city on May 4 to try to finally dislodge the militants, the United Nations said on Wednesday, citing Iraqi government figures.",5
2306,"On 12 April, Amnesty International issued a report which concluded that Iraqi women and children with perceived ties to Da’esh experience serious protection issues in camps, including denial of assistance; restrictions on freedom of movement; and sexual harassment, rape and sexual exploitation. ",9
10820,"The past harvest season has temporarily alleviated the situation, however crop production was severely affected by ongoing tensions and increasing displacements. Insecurity has prevented farmers from reaching their fields, notably in the major cereal-producing regions of Greater Equatoria, Unity, and Northern and Western Bahr el Ghazal. Consequently, harvests in these areas are considerably lower than normal which will affect the availability of cereals nationwide in 2017. ",3
5307,"The impact of climate change in the Great Lakes region is inextricably tied to population pressure, with climate change and climatic shocks expected to cause reduced agricultural yields, reduced fish stocks in fresh water bodies, and risk of flash floods and mud slides. Large parts of the population across the region are engaged in small-holder agriculture which, combined with population growth, leaves people particularly vulnerable to the impacts of climate change. The Central African Republic ranks at the bottom of the University of Notre Dame Global Adaptation Initiative (ND-GAIN)",3
9708,"Local media sources have confirmed that the city of Derna is enduring the closure of most bakeries in the city after the complete depletion of flour stocks. The same sources indicated that 85 bakeries closed out of a total of 91 as a result of the siege by Dignity Operation forces, which bans any shipment of flour allocated to the city from entering.",3
10772,"Season A planting is complete, and according to FAO, there is a Fall Armyworm (FAW) infestation that affected newly planted maize. The extent of the infestation is unclear, but this is likely to impact yields, particularly in Makamba, Rumonge, Muyinga, and Kirundo provinces. As a result, some poor households in these areas may face Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes by April-May 2018, but Stressed (IPC Phase 2) is the highest expected area classification through May 2018.",0
4795,"More than 800,000 people have been forced to flee in order to reach lifesaving assistance. Many of these internally displaced persons (IDPs) have gone to urban centers that are under the control of the government and African Union peacekeeping forces. In cities like Mogadishu and Baidoa, the humanitarian community is struggling to keep pace with thousands of new arrivals in a challenging operating environment. Many of the displaced are currently living in squalid conditions where they not only lack adequate food, nutrition, water, shelter, and healthcare, but also are exposed to risks that threaten their health and physical safety, including sexual and gender-based violence (GBV). The response requires improved coordination, especially at the regional level, in order to address gaps in services and the worsening conditions. ",8
863,"With as little as one-quarter of expected rainfall received, widespread drought conditions in the Horn of Africa have intensified since the failure of the October-December rains, FAO said today.  FAO estimates that over 17 million people are currently in crisis and emergency food insecurity levels in member-countries of the Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD), namely Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan and Uganda, which are in need of urgent humanitarian assistance.",5
5705, The Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) and the Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI) are leading the charge to ensure the passage of the 23rd amendment — seeking the revival of the military courts — which the government plans to present before both houses of parliament next week. ,9
5322,"This is an acute malnutrition crisis requiring sustained action by a greater number of actors. One million malnourished children, 15% residing in two provinces and 20% in a single province, require emergency nutrition.  ",8
10200,"In addition, 64 per cent of heads of households were not working at the time of the survey, well above the unemployment rate of 43.6 percent for the Gaza Strip as a whole during the fourth quarter of 2017.7 Coping mechanisms include selling assets, purchasing food on credit and reducing dietary diversity. This is of a particular concern for pregnant and lactating women, of whom nearly 20 per cent indicated that they were consuming food that was inappropriate for their needs. IDPs",3
9417,'Most of the times we can't rescue people because of the intense air strikes.' ,4
1156,"In February 2017, 3,367 Eritreans arrived in Ethiopia, according to Ethiopia’s Administration for Refugee and Returnee Affairs.There are around 165,000 Eritrean refugees and asylum seekers in Ethiopia, according to the UN refugee agency. Thousands more Eritreans live in the country outside the asylum system.“Sometimes we get more than 120 people a day,” says Luel Abera, the reception coordinator at Adinbried. “The stories I hear are very sad: pregnant women delivering on the way, people shot at or wounded, hungry and hurt children.”",9
5615,"As of week 22, 2017 there have been 1,981 reported cases of measles across the country, including 961 confirmed cases (420 laboratory confirmations, 490 epi-linked and 51 clinically compatible cases). In the same week there were 73 new suspected cases reported across the country. There are 54 laboratory-confirmed measles outbreaks reported in the country up to week 22, 2017 of which 3 are active in Dannot and Degehamado woredas of Somali region and Alamata town in Tigray Region. The 54 outbreaks were in Amhara (18), Addis Ababa (9), Oromia (11), SNNPR (6), Somali (5), Tigray (3) and Afar (1 outbreak). Oromia remains the most affected region with 32% of the reported cases and this is followed by Amhara (29%), Addis Ababa (15%) and SNNPR (11%). The age distribution of cases shows that children under 5 years are the most affected age group (38% of the affected population). The phase one measles campaign was launched on 3 June 2017 in Degahabur City in Jarar Zone Somali Region as scheduled and the first phase is to be implemented in the four zones of Jarar, Nogob, Dollo and Korahay. The next phase will target the other zones. The target population for the campaign for under 5 years is 854,961 while for under 15 the target population is 1,714,151.",4
9227,"«People living around the lake survive thanks to crops grown in these areas. We use them even in times of drought.'According to him, it is easy to irrigate plants being on the shores of the lake. 'If the government plans to evict us from here, it will be expropriation and people will die of hunger,' he said.",0
9267, Niger continues to face critical humanitarian needs caused by the consequences of Boko Haram-related violence in the Diffa region and the high level of vulnerability of people affected by recurrent food insecurity and malnutrition crises as well as seasonal floods and epidemics. ,3
10648,"Due to losses of subsistence crops and household food supplies from cyclone-related flooding, food prices in local markets are increasing. Moreover, food availability will continue to be difficult in some remote areas cut off by damaged roads. In mid-March 2017, prices are exceptionally high compared to December 2016 in urban cities such as Antananarivo, Mahajanga, Toamasina and Antsirabe, where prices of imported rice increased by more than 20 percent, while prices of local rice rose by 30 percent. Maize prices also increased by 30 to 55 percent. However, price stability or decline was noticed in the South due to the beginning of off-season crop harvests (pulses and maize).",5
8318,"The limited WASH facilities in the refugee established settlements, put in place by WASH sector partners including UNICEF prior to the current influx, are over-stretched, with an average of 100 people per latrine. New arrivals also have limited access to bathing facilities, especially women, and urgently require WASH supplies including soap and buckets. Given the current population density and poor sanitation and hygiene conditions, any outbreak of cholera or Acute Watery Diarrhoea (AWD), which are endemic in Bangladesh, could kill thousands of people residing in temporary settlements.",4
1432,"The relative improvement of the security situation in the Kasai region, especially in the east, has led to decrease in security alerts, the progressive arrival of humanitarian assistance and increase in population return.IOM has completed the first phase of the Displacement Tracking Matrix (DTM) project in Kasai Central, and the survey estimates that 197,519 persons are still displaced, while 490,969 people were reported to have returned to their place of origin. The condition of the returnee population is however difficult, as returnee find their homes/houses burnt/destroyed, their assets depleted, and their community resilience eroded. The lack of access to food, safe water and psychological support aggravate the posttraumatic stress they were already exposed to due to the violence.The Food Security Cluster estimates that 3.2 million people are food insecure. The last monthly nutritional report (August 2017), declared nutritional alerts in 19 Health Zones (HZ).",3
717,"Lack of medical staff has been reported as a leading factor (73%) in limiting the delivery of health services in GCA. Of the 37 partially functioning and non-functioning health facilities that reported in HeRAMS, 27 identified this as a key factor. In total, 812 health facilities in GCA reported on their functionality (source: HeRAMS 2017).",4
9473,"Environmentalists have expressed concerns over the receding water levels in Lake Naivasha due to the prolonged drought.  According to the Lake Naivasha Water Resources User’s Association (WRUA’s) Chairman Enock Kiminta who spoke to the Nation.co.ke on Saturday evening, the situation has been worsened by illegal water abstraction at River Malewa that flows into the Lake.",5
7192,"The outbreak of measles is still ongoing. During week 31 (week ending 6 August 2017), 137 new suspected measles cases were reported (although the majority were historical cases from previous weeks). Between 1 January and 6 August 2017, a total of 2 601 suspected measles cases were reported from across the country. During this period, 58 laboratory-confirmed measles outbreaks have been reported. Of the reported cases, 17.2% had zero previous doses of measles vaccine, and 43.8% had an unknown immunization status. Oromia Region remains the most affected region with 31% of the reported cases, followed by Amhara (26%), Addis Ababa (20%), and SNNPR (11%). The age distribution shows that children under 5 years of age were the most affected, at 39% of the affected population, while children 5-14 years represented 37% of those affected.",4
8580,"Continued large-scale humanitarian assistance, including both food assistance and efforts to prevent and treat AWD/cholera, are needed throughout 2017.",4
3655,Poor households in some production-deficit regions are facing reduced food access due to low livestock prices and the national economic crisis. Insecurity and displacement continue to impact food security outcomes in western Chad.,3
10221,An RFE/RL reporter who was investigating allegations of vote-buying in Armenia’s April 2 parliamentary vote was attacked a few hours after polls opened,9
930,"Water and electricity has been reportedly cut-off for more than a month. People are forced to collect unsafe water, exposing them to the risk of waterborne diseases.",11
3823,"A major food security Emergency is expected to continue in the Horn of Africa into early 2018, following very poor performance of the March to June 2017 Gu/long rains, the second consecutive below-average season in many areas. The regeneration of pasture and water resources for pastoralists has been well below normal in southeastern Ethiopia, central Somalia, and northern Kenya, and July harvest prospects are very poor in most areas of southern SomaliaThese factors are likely to sustain high humanitarian assistance needs across the Horn of Africa, and drive a continuation of Emergency (IPC Phase 4) acute food insecurity in southeastern Ethiopia and Somalia.",3
9121,"The conflict in Kasai, formerly a maize-producing region, has forced a million people out of their homes and off their land. Some 3.2 million are now severely hungry. Child malnutrition is widespread. ",8
7352,"• As can be seen on the map (left), there was an unprecedented spike in conflict activity in Duma between 3 and 8 April, following an offensive on Eastern Ghouta that began on 18 February. Since then, there has been mass displacement out of the whole of Eastern Ghouta to northwestern Syria. Since 9 March, approximately 150,000 individuals have reportedly been displaced.9 During this time, over 90,000 people have been displaced to IDP sites in neighbouring communities, while around 80,000 others have been evacuated to opposition areas in Idleb and northern rural Aleppo in northwestern Syria.10 The primary needs of these individuals have been identified by the IDP Situation Monitoring Initiative (ISMI) as: shelter, food, non-food items (NFIs), and healthcare.11",3
4744,Major roads have been damaged or blocked by landslides and the military has been drafted in to help clear roads and repair damaged facilities,6
1966,"Abdiker added that in recent months IOM staff in Libya had gained access to several detention centres, where they are trying to improve conditions. “What we know is that migrants who fall into the hands of smugglers face systematic malnutrition, sexual abuse and even murder. Last year we learned 14 migrants died in a single month in one of those locations, just from disease and malnutrition. We are hearing about mass graves in the desert.”",9
11203,"From January to August, the Israeli authorities demolished 107 structures in East Jerusalem due to the lack of building permits, which are nearly impossible to obtain. This has resulted in the displacement of 179 people, including 107 children, and otherwise affected another 471 people. The communities most heavily affected were Jabal Mukabbir, Beit Hanina, al Isawiya and Silwan which, combined, accounted for 75 per cent of demolition incidents documented this year and 70 per cent of all structures demolished",10
6822,"An ongoing cholera outbreak has affected at least 8 counties in the country including Garissa, Nairobi, Vihiga, Kiambu, Mombasa, Murang’a, Kericho and Turkana Counties. This includes Dadaab and Kakuma refugee camps.",4
3927,"The 2017 FAO/WFP CFSAM report highlights the need for the timely provision of seeds and planting equipment for the 2017/18 maha planting season from September to December. In addition, it is recommended to assist the poorest and most vulnerable with cash assistance to prevent negative coping strategies, such as building up unsustainable high debt levels and ensuring adequate food consumption among the most vulnerable",3
387,"The majority of Ethiopians cited economic reasons for travelling to Yemen, such as a lack of livelihoods or employment opportunities, or a reduced income due to effects of the drought on their crop and livestock, indicating that economic factors remain the main driver of Ethiopian migration towards Yemen and Gulf states.",5
10852,Recent satellite images of one neighbourhood in Eastern Ghouta show up to 71 percent of buildings destroyed or damaged.,10
764,"The early start of the season promotes higher demand for labor, but at a daily wage similar to the average of the past three years. In addition, the availability of market gardening products (greens), cow’s milk and cash transfers (in the Sahel, Est and Centre-Nord Regions), improves access to food for poor households, and allows them to be in Minimal (IPC Phase 1) level of acute food insecurity. ",3
8972,"There used to be no need for a well in his village, but a creeping drought is now threatening agriculture and livelihoods in the area.",3
1574,"The Department of Education conducted a preliminary assessment of 195 schools out of total 1,219 (16 per cent) in the affected areas and found 100 schools (51 per cent) are partially damaged, and five (3 per cent) are completely damaged. The damages to school infrastructure include classrooms, toilets, teacher’s houses and teaching and learning equipment. However, this might not be a representative sample and the true extent of damages is not yet known. Based on this preliminary assessment, over 15,000 children and their teachers need support to resume classes as normal. Most of the partially damaged schools have now re-opened but not all children have returned due to continuing aftershocks and fears that the buildings are not safe.",2
8507," Trading activities in the city remained almost suspended on Saturday because of continuous rain since Friday afternoon. Factory output on the weekend plummeted by 50-80 per cent in different industrial areas, as people failed to reach workplaces due to thin public transport. Many shop owners also opted to stay at home after rain and sewage submerged roads and markets. ",5
11673,"Gaza’s GDP per capita declined for three consecutive quarters in 2017. In tandem, the unemployment rate increased steadily in the first three quarters of the year before declining slightly in the fourth quarter, partly owing to seasonal agricultural work. Unemployment is currently at 42.7% (the majority younger than 30 years old). The annual inflation rate in January 2018 was less than 0.3%, with several sectors experiencing deflation. Over the past year, thousands of employees in Gaza’s public sector faced pay cuts of 30-50%, with employees of the de facto authority receiving even less",5
7321,800 Hepatitis E suspected cases 33 Hepatitis E deaths ,4
8374,"The current IPC analysis has counted 1.76 million people (18% of the Burundian population) in the humanitarian phase (IPC Phases 3 and 4). This reflects a slight improvement compared to the same period last year, with 3% of the population in Phase 4 in 2017, compared to 5% in 2016.  The Imbo plain is the most affected and most vulnerable to food insecurity with 35% of the population in a food crisis and 4% in the emergency phase (IPC Phase 4) in 2017 B against 14% and 6% respectively in 2016B.",3
4410,Jihadist groups are seen as the greatest threat to security across Africa’s Sahel region. They have proved adept at exploiting local tensions between ethnic groups to sow discord — such as those between mostly lighter-skinned Tuareg and black Fulani herdsmen over scarce watering points in the Sahara. ,9
10016,"Swaziland’s schools opened for the new academic year on Tuesday under new government orders to teach only Christianity, a move criticised by opponents as fuelling intolerance of Muslims.",2
6494, More than 411.000 school age children have been displaced since November 2016 due to drought and conflict. ,2
3170,"Refugees are in urgent need of food, health and WASH services and NFIs. The majority of new arrivals were reported to be women, children and elderly persons with Shilluk ethnicity, with some Dinka who usually move onwards to other areas in Sudan, including Khartoum and White Nile. The mission identified 719 unaccompanied and separated children (UASC) among the new arrivals. Over 1,000 persons with special needs (PWSNs) have been identified, and vulnerability assessments are planned.",7
614,vThe latest figures from the World Health Organization suggest that 62 per cent of water available to households is contaminated.,11
3438,"Conflict, displacement, and economic decline are placing severe pressure on essential basic services and the institutions that provide them, pushing them towards total collapse. Humanitarian programmes in Yemen are predicated on an assumption of at least minimal functionality of state services in key sectors like health, water, education and social protection. However, growing evidence points to imminent institutional collapse across large swathes of the country. The Ministry of Planning and International Cooperation (MOPIC) in Sana’a reports that Central Bank foreign exchange reserves dropped from $4.7 billion in late 2014 to less than $1 billion in September 2016. The public budget deficit has nearly doubled in the last year, to about $1.8 billion. Salaries for health facility staff, teachers and other public sector workers go increasingly unpaid, leaving 1.25 million state employees and their 6.9 million dependents – or nearly 30 per cent of the population – without an income at a time of shortages and rising prices. Despite Government commitments to the contrary, relocation of the Central Bank to Aden had not resolved salary arrears as of late October. State-provided social services are rapidly collapsing while needs are surging. In August, the Ministry of Public Health and Population (MOPHP) in Sana’a announced it could no longer cover operational costs for health services. As of October 2016, only 45 per cent of health facilities were functional; this rate falls below 25 per cent  in five governorates, including Marib, Al Jawf and Al Dhale’e. Absenteeism among key staff – doctors, nutrition counsellors, teachers – is reportedly rising as employees seek alternatives to provide for their families. On top of pressure to compensate for a faltering commercial sector, humanitarian partners are fielding calls to fill gaps created by collapsing public institutions, which is beyond both their capacity and remit. It is essential for all stakeholders to stem this collapse, including through selective re-engagement of development programmes, which have been largely frozen since early 2015. ",5
565,"The Palestinians in Gaza used to have the option of travelling abroad for surgery. This is no longer possible for the vast majority of people because the only window to the outside world, the Rafah Border Crossing, has been closed by Egypt for months on end. Patients who try to leave Gaza via the Israeli-controlled Erez Crossing face harassment and attempts to enlist them and their families as collaborators in return for Israel letting them through to the occupied West Bank and beyond.",4
11235,"An outbreak of malaria in South Sudan has killed over 4,000 people since February, a senior health official disclosed last week.“This year’s malaria is the most severe the country has ever seen,” DA total of over 900,000 malaria cases had so far been registered, according to Mapeer.“4,073 deaths were recorded since February, while 2,000 deaths were reported in 2016”, he stressed.In July, OCHA said more than 76% of disease-related deaths in South Sudan are from malaria.",4
9162,"According to the families interviewed by UNHCR, armed groups are targeting public places such as schools, markets and shops. Families who are returning to camps from Mosul also mention random arrests by Iraqi security forces (ISF) and intimidation by militias who have retaken control of some neighbourhoods in east Mosul. ",9
5091,"More teachers on strike in West Kordofan On Monday, basic and secondary school teachers in El Odeya locality in West Kordofan embarked on a strike in protest against the non-payment of their January salaries. ",2
6400,"A doctor at Sabha Medical Center, south Libya, was kidnapped by an armed group on Friday. The information office of the center stated that Dr. Salem al-Salhab was abducted near the Municipal Guard building while leaving the clinic of Fezzan at 7 pm local time. No further details were given. The center appealed to the authorities responsible to counter such repeated practices that threaten the medical staff.",9
5332,"From March to May 2017: 22,209 people in IPC Phase 3. 228 052 people in IPC Phase 2. ",3
1196,"The current ways are not accommodative to include the community in decision making. For instance, women are not included in authoritative positions where they can influence change or contribute significantly to the community decision making. Those that are into leadership positions are given feminine positions like the child protection, at times considered in the food distribution committee. As such women feel they are not equally involved in decision making during meetings or any discussion in the community. Men’s ideas are taken seriously than women’s ideas. This however is culturally motivated so it is not easy to change people’s beliefs.",9
9172,"At least three people have been killed in an attack by gunmen in Likuangule County in South Sudan's Boma State on Satuday, a local official said.Boma’s Information Minister Deko Konyi told Radio Tamazuj that gunmen attacked Lokormach Payam and that 3 people were killed and another one injured.The local official pointed out that the attackers also took heads of cattle. “The attackers are affiliated to SPLM-IO because they were armed. The number of the attackers could reach 5, 000,” he said.The state information minister further said the attack violates the cessation of hostilities agreement signed with the rebels.Rebel spokesman William Gatjiath Deng denied their responsibility for the attack on Likuangule County in Boma State on Sunday. Instead, he accused the government of violating the cessation of hostilities agreement.“No SPLA-IO forces went to Likuangule to carry out attacks there,” Gatjiath said.",5
9688,"Turkey detained dozens of energy and education ministry staff on Tuesday in an investigation targeting the network of a U.S.-based cleric whom Ankara accuses of orchestrating last July's attempted coup, state media said. Arrest warrants were issued for 60 energy ministry-linked workers and 25 education ministry staff and some 40 have already been detained, state-run Anadolu news agency reported. Many of them had previously been dismissed from their posts.",9
11689,"Malaria: In Epidemiological Week 14, 3327 cases of confirmed malaria were reported with one malaria death. Preparedness measures will be put in place before the start of the rainy season. ",4
840,"Food security is expected to improve slightly in June with the Gu harvest. However, Gu rainfall is forecast to be below average, the fifth consecutive poor season in the country. Many households still face large food consumption gaps while relying on humanitarian assistance and funding levels are not yet known to determine if assistance is likely through mid-2018. In the extended absence of assistance, in a worst case scenario, Famine (IPC Phase 5) is likely.",3
7878,"Heavy rainfall in the past few days has caused two rivers in Riau's Rokan Hulu regency to overflow, flooding hundreds of houses in two districts. As many as 327 families have been affected by the floods that hit Ujung Batu district and Rambah Samo district on Sunday, Rokan Hulu Disaster Mitigation Agency (BPBD) head Aceng Herdiana said on Wednesday. Ujung Batu has been badly hit by the floodwater, with 297 houses inundated.In Rambah Samo district, as many as 30 houses in Lubuk Napal village have been inundated.",10
8428,"The Limpopo has burst its banks on its upper reaches. At Combumune on Friday morning the river was measured at 3.1 metres above flood alert level. Large areas of cultivated land have been inundated, and so the authorities are urging communities to move out of harms way. ",1
11666,"In Niger, the security situation remained volatile in the Diffa region, along the border with Nigeria, particularly in the departments of Bosso, Nguigmi and Diffa due to the military operations at both Lake Chad and Nigeria/Niger borders. February was also marked by new inter-community clashes in the Diffa region. Several ethnic clashes were observed in recent months. The Governor of the Diffa region is taking the necessary measures to put an end to the ethnic confrontations.",9
7058,"The gap in Education Sector response remains wide with approximately 235,000 targeted beneficiaries. The main issues slowing the progress of partners are related to the overall lack of space within the camp and the lack of a validated learning framework. These issues hamper service provision.",2
208,"While health workers have an ethical obligation to care for their patients, even if doing so involves some degree of risk, the government has an important obligation to provide health workers and others involved in the response with appropriate training in infection control and with protective gear. The Congolese government, with the support of international donors, needs to ensure that health professionals and others involved in the response are promptly paid, and that social protection programs are in place for the families of government workers who die or become ill as a result of their work in addressing the crisis. In Congo, health workers are often poorly paid, or receive their salaries late or not at all, which has led to numerous strikes in recent years.",4
3468,"The latest findings from a countrywide seasonal assessment conducted in December 2016 indicate that over 2.9 million people face Crisis  and  Emergency  (IPC  Phases 3 and  4)) 1 across  Somalia  through  June  2017. This  represents  more  than  two-fold  increase compared  to  six months ago.  Additionally, more  than 3.3 million  people are  classified as Stressed (IPC  Phase  2),  bringing  the  total number of people facing acute food insecurity across Somalia to over 6.2 million. ",3
1495,"n response to the recent floods, the Government of Kenya (GoK) and county-level authorities have provided more than 2,800 bags of maize, as well as mosquito nets and water treatment supplies to reduce the risk of a cholera outbreak, to flood-affected families. In addition, KRCS is disseminating early warning messages in communities at high risk of flooding, supporting search-and-rescue efforts and rapid needs assessments in flood-affected areas, and distributing emergency shelter and WASH supplies to affected households. ",10
169,"Food insecurity and malnutrition are now endemic in Mali. Of the 4.3 million people who need food aid (more than one in four Malians), some 885,000 will be in a crisis phase and about 48,000 in an emergency phase. An additional 3.4 million people could be in a crisis phase if assistance does not reach them on time. Despite this scenario, to date Mali’s 2018 Response Plan is only 24 per cent funded. But if more funding does not reach humanitarian partners, they will be unable to scale up response activities. The nutrition crisis is hitting the most vulnerable people hard, especially children. The Ministry of Health and the Nutrition Cluster have revised upwards the number of children at risk of acute malnutrition. Overall, the number of people affected by severe acute malnutrition increased from 163,000 in early January to 274,000 during May, while cases of moderate acute malnutrition have risen from 470,000 to 582,000. In the Timbuktu region alone, this year 33,500 children under 5 years old are suffering from acute malnutrition - 8,000 of whom in its most severe form. “The conflict that has hit this country since 2012 has dramatically worsened child malnutrition levels in the Timbuktu and Gao regions, in northern Mali,” said Ute Kollies, Head of the OCHA office in Mali.",8
11499,"In contrast, Juba is once again experiencing a fuel shortage, and water treatment plants have been closed for the past week.",11
2581,"The majority of returnees, 88% (847,578 returnees), are residing in their original house of habitual residence. Despite this predominant trend, in Al Mahwit and Al Hudaydah just 10% (or 108 individuals) and 22% (or 978 returnees) respectively, of the identified returnee population have returned to their original house of habitual residence. Top priority needs are Food (49%), financial support (26%) and access to income (10%)",3
10112,"Continuing violence across East Ghouta, some 10km outside the Syrian capital, Damascus, has reportedly led to the closure of most schools in the area over the past month and stranded scores of children in need of medical evacuation.",2
7744,"The conflict has continued to spread and intensify, while fragmenting and reactivating interethnic tensions. Based on UNICEF monitoring reports, there have been 22 attacks allegedly perpetrated by Kamuina Nsapu militia groups in the last month, representing a sharp increase of up to 50 attacks since the beginning of the conflict in August 2016.",9
4150,"Human rights organizations have reported abuse, torture, and overcrowding within Turkey’s jails, aggravated by the mass arrests following the attempted coup",9
9058,"Besieged areas of Deir-ez-Zor and Rural Damascus were hotspots in the reporting period in terms of deteriorating food security conditions. High food and fuel prices continued to erode the purchasing power of the population, diminishing their ability to acquire food. Rural Damascus has seen price increases in all core food items (bread, rice, wheat flour, sugar, lentils), while the price of diesel has more than tripled within the first three months of the year. The price of bread has surged significantly in Deir-ez-Zor city while the costs of some other items were considerably higher compared to a year ago. In other governorates with besieged areas, prices of food items have declined between January and March. Escalating conflict in the first quarter of the year has also resulted in a reduction of functional drinking water sources in Deir-ez-Zor, where highest rates of water-borne diseases among children under five years of age were recorded. In Rural Damascus, the number of treated drinking water sources was amongst the least registered in different governorates of the country. Screening data for March 2017 from health clinics in Syria indicated high rates of malnourished children under five in Rural Damascus (10.4%) .4",11
11392,"Since Djibouti has a long porous border with Somalia and Ethiopia, it records continuous population and livestock movements across the border, especially during the lean season (June-September) when nomadic populations are often displaced from neighbouring countries to Djibouti to search for pastures for their livestock. Although the Somaliland administrative regions1 currently affected by the famine are relatively far from the RoD borders, it is likely that there will be population and livestock movements to Djibouti’s northern areas of Dikhil, Tadjourah, Ali-Sabieh and Arta regions during the lean season. This type of displacement puts pressure on the already precarious livelihoods in these areas and may further aggravate food insecurity, as well as overburden fragile service delivery systems for nutrition, water and sanitation, health, child protection and education. Children (46 per cent) and women (27 per cent) comprise the most vulnerable groups among the displaced populations. Specific needs for displaced children and women include equipment for water storage, water treatment products, soaps, access to health and nutrition services and food.",1
5449,"Up to about 70 - 80 percent of livestock have migrated in search of forage and water, with atypical migration routes being pursued.Due to massive outmigration, in the backdrop of diminishing forage and water resources, competition for these resources is intensifying, with conflicts potentially occurring in certain areas, and likely to increase before the next rains.",9
10943,"Despite the overall improvement of the food security situation recorded since 2015, the situation remains serious in the pastoralist areas of Dikhil, North Obock and Ali-Sabieh regions, which are bordering countries that are affected by famine crisis. In these areas, the food insecurity rate has deteriorated and reached 60 per cent in 2016 compared to 55 per cent in 2015. This worsening situation is the consequence of chronic drought, which started in 2008 and has intensified due to climate change and the effects of El Niño’ phenomenon, in addition to the decrease in the monthly average of rainfall over the past seven years (67 mm in 2008 to 43.2 mm in 2014).",3
3952,"Before coming to Greece, Ahmad spent two months in Turkey, where he tried unsuccessfully to register for temporary protection. This, in turn, led to him being denied access to health care for serious back pain because he lacked the necessary residence documents. Many Syrian refugees in Turkey can’t find lawful employment to support their families. They also can’t access health care and other services – like education for their children – that they desperate need. Their safety is precarious.",2
1892,"One child died and ten houses were demolished during torrential rain in the village headquarters of the administrative post of Mucumbura, located in Mgo district, Tete province.",4
4055,"Food security has deteriorated significantly following the failed Deyr. Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes are likely in Bay, Bakool, and Northern Inland Pastoral. In a worst-case scenario where the 2017 Gu season performs very poorly, purchasing power declines to 2010/11 levels, and humanitarian access is restricted, Famine (IPC Phase 5) would be expected.",3
5987,"—The current outbreak of hepatitis E in Diffa, Niger declared by the Nigerien authorities last week highlights the poor water and sanitation conditions in which the vast majority of the displaced people and refugees in the region are living, the international medical humanitarian organization Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) said today. MSF is calling on authorities and humanitarian organizations in the area to act quickly to prevent further spread by ensuring adequate water supply and improved sanitation conditions.  From December 2016 to last Sunday, 135 cases of jaundice—one of the most common symptoms of hepatitis E—have been detected in Diffa. Many of these cases were pregnant women who needed to be admitted to the main maternal and pediatric health center, where MSF is working with the Ministry of Health. Of these pregnant women, 25 died due to acute liver failure. There is no treatment for acute hepatitis E, which is especially deadly in pregnant women. ",4
7243,"Local cereal prices changed at mild rates (upto +/- than 10%) in most regions of the country month-onmonth in June 2017. Annual comparison indicates higher prices for local grains in most regions of the country attributable to reduced supply due to two previous consecutive poor production seasons.Prices of imported food (rice, sugar, vegetable oil, wheat flour) mostly exhibited relative stability or mild (+/-10%) monthly changes in local currency terms in June 2017 in most regions of the country. Year-on-year comparison indicates mild to moderate price increases in most regions of the country for most of the food imports in June 2017 due to depreciation of local currency against USD and increased global sugar prices.",3
11145,"Of the total damage, 3.40 billion baht is estimated to infrastructure such as roads, rails, bridges and homes; 8.1 billion baht to agriculture; and 10.9 billion baht to businesses and industry, mainly small and medium-sized enterprises.",3
10168,"The average inflation rate declined in recent years and is expected to continue this downward trend in 2017. The average inflation rate is forecast to fall to 3.5 percent in 2017 compared to 4 percent in 2016. The decline in prices is essentially due to the decreasing purchasing power of households, caused by disrupted livelihoods, reduced employment opportunities and limited availability of income.In the northwest, southeast and central conflict-affected areas, increased demand of imported foods and livestock, exacerbated by tight local supplies from a reduced 2016 output, have resulted in a sharp rise in their prices in recent months.",5
11143,"'From a population of two million people, only a small fraction have access to drinking water in their homes; thousands don't even have a home, nor the ability to rebuild those that had been destroyed a few years ago,' he continued. ",10
2104,13 Jan rains: 64 people affected. 1 education centre and 1 health center. 7 land areas affected and one road cut. ,2
9858,Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina yesterday declared that farmers in flood-affected haor areas would get fresh agricultural loans with the interest rate halved to 4.5 percent. ,5
1815,"The 2017 Gu season cereal crop harvest was almost completed in August in southern parts of the country. While in the Northwest region, cereal crops are at varying stages of development. Rainfall during August has been beneficial in improving browse and water conditions in many parts of the country. However water scarcity has been reported in East Golis of Alula and Burhakaba and Baidoa districts in Bay. Land preparation activities for the Deyr (October-December) season are ongoing in agropastoral livelihoods in the South.",11
5861,"The destruction of 218 Health Centers (DPD, Kasai Region) since the beginning of the crisis in the Kasai Region has caused the weakening of the health system, reduce access to basic health services for 40,000 individuals and increase the risk of communicable diseases like measles.",4
2396,"According to Physicians for Human Rights (PHR), a US-based organisation which uses medicine and science to document mass atrocities and human rights violations, 478 medical facilities have been attacked since the start of the war in 2011, with 312 attacks launched by the Syrian government and its allies. PHR figures also show that over 800 medical personnel have been killed since the start of the war, with 48 deaths in this year alone.",4
3631,"The Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights (IOHR) states that civilians trying to flee from ISIS-controlled areas, particularly during battles between the Iraqi Government and ISIS fighters, have no safe escape routes, where all corridors out of the city are subject to ISIS attacks.According to IOHR statistics, at least 25 civilians were killed since 1 April 2017 on Abu Zeayan street in the right coast of Mosul, considered one of the ‘safe corridors’ provided by the Iraqi Government Forces.",9
612,"The United Nations verified the killing of 6 children and maiming of 2 children by landmines and unexploded ordnances, a sharp decrease following the 2015 demining agreement between the Government and FARC-EP. There were also developments regarding the accountability of Colombian military members who had killed children in the context of the armed conflict.",9
5224,"Islamic State group-linked militants swept through a southern Philippine city, beheading a police chief, burning buildings, seizing a Catholic priest and his worshippers and raising the black flag of IS, authorities said Wednesday. President Rodrigo Duterte, who had declared martial law across the southern third of the nation, warned he may expand it nationwide.",9
519,"Oxfam in Syria warned that more than 5,000 people are now displaced because of the recent surge in fighting in Afrin. There are limited supplies of food, water and medicine.",11
4648,"Between 50 to 80 percent of people in some of the areas affected by hunger struggle to make ends meet and to have something to eat. In several areas, people only eat once a day, and their meals – based on corn, cassava or potatoes - do not meet their daily nutritional and calorie needs. Food prices have been rising for the last three months. In some cases, diets are limited to starches and leaves.",3
11314," Access to safe water may be limited for up to 650,000 people affected by multiple shocks in 2018.",11
5241,"Livestock owners’ very limited access to animal health services and quality animal production inputs persists, which lowers livestock productivity. The livestock sector suffered high damages due to animal deaths, amounting to over USD 2 billion – a third of the total amount of damages to the agriculture sector. The actual number of animals per household has fallen dramatically, especially for cattle. The main reason for the decrease in animal ownership was the sale of animals for income generation, in addition to the increased costs of maintenance. The loss of animals – either by death due to poor living conditions, killed or stolen – was particularly high in Al-Hasakeh, Deir-ez-Zor, Lattakia, Quneitra and Rural Damascus.",5
5076,"Lack of understanding of settlement options A majority of respondents do not understand their options to remain in Turkey or apply for resettlement elsewhere. Almost three-quarters of respondents do not know where to access the information needed to make decisions about staying in Turkey or applying for settlement elsewhere. Information needs are highest among Kilis residents, those not receiving support, those with no formal education background, and individuals without access to a smartphone.",10
1584,"On at least one occasion, a truck with medicine brought in through local actors, was turned back, reportedly after shots had been fired at the driver. Several trucks carrying flour were also reportedly turned back. However, there also are allegations that shipments of basic commodities did not reach the intended recipients. At least 100,0001 people are deemed to be affected by the current situation.",4
4753,"At the end of March, Niger recorded 1,335 cases of Meningitis and 88 deaths, a cumulative lethality of 6.6%.",4
1381,"Erratic weather adversely affected the 2016 cropping season, halving the groundnut cash crop harvest. Political uncertainty following the elections in 2016 also dampened tourism, which normally accounts for about 20 percent of the GDP. In addition, households’ coping mechanisms have been eroded by a series of events such as the Sahel food crises, localized heavy flooding in 2012 and 2013, and insufficient rains in 2014, resulting in protracted food insecurity in several areas of the country and persistent acute malnutrition. The results of the “Cadre Harmonisé” analysis conducted in spring 2017 estimated that about 112 000 people were in Phase 3: “Crisis” and above, between June and August 2017, up from about 60 700 in the previous year.",0
8933,"The study calls for Haiti’s government and donors to better coordinate health financing. It says the country, which currently devotes less than 5 percent of its budget to health, has to spend more and run a more efficient health system. “We have a lot of hospitals that do not necessarily provide care at the level they are supposed to,” said the study’s lead author, Eleonora Cavagnero, a health economist for Haiti at the World Bank, who also advocates for a moratorium on new hospital construction. “A lot of the things that Haitians suffer from could be treated at the primary health care levels in a more cost-effective way.”",4
2510,"To avoid the cold, Sheikhs in camps in East Jebel Marra then said that parent councils in most of the schools have delayed the start of school for pupils of basic schools for one hour in the morning.",9
10465,"Boko Haram gunmen on 19 March raided Bodoum village in south-eastern Niger and looted a health centre and food from villagers. It was the first attack after a two-month lull. On 20 March, three suspected Boko Haram members killed a civilian in Garin Dogo village in Diffa",9
1613,"Availability of food and fuel commodities further deteriorated in January 2017 due to reportedly reduced imports and hoarding of essential commodities by opportunistic traders in anticipation of increased prices.? In-country stocks of wheat and sugar expected to run out by end of April 2017 while rice and vegetable oil merely cover one month national requirement.??Prices of food and fuel commodities increased in January 2017, and continued to be significantly higher than the precrisis levels.The cost of the minimum food basket rose in January by nearly 4% compared to December, and 26% higher than in the pre-crisis period.According to Alert for Price Spikes (ALPS) methodology, in January 2017, normal situation prevailed for vegetable oil, while wheat flour was on stress level and red beans on alert status and sugar continued to be at crisis level. The ALPS indicator for the cost of the minimum food basket still remain at normal condition.",3
9053,"We've unfortunately seen a familiar sequence of events unfold in recent times, of Congress-ruled Karnataka accusing the Centre of discriminating against it with respect to drought relief. A similar wrangle broke out between Punjab (where the Shiromani Akali Dal, an ally of the BJP, is in power) and New Delhi in 2015, when untimely rain and hailstorm ravaged the wheat crop. The larger issue here is the lack of institutionalised mechanisms to deal with crop loss, despite the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana (PMFBY) coming into force.  The fact that less than a third of the affected area in Karnataka this year is covered by insurance (a pointer to inadequate financial inclusion, since the coverage is bundled with crop loans) tells us why political discretion plays such an important role in an agriculture crisis. Crop insurance needs to be comprehensive in scope to address crises arising out of increasingly capricious weather. ",5
5601,"Departures continue to surpass arrivals at camps east of Mosul. Between 19 and 20 April, 161 families (801 individuals) arrived, mainly from west Mosul, while 281 families (1,452 individuals) departed, primarily to east Mosul. Families fleeing from west Mosul cited continuous insecurity, including in liberated areas, which are frequently targeted by mortar rounds. Lack of food, water and basic services were other reasons contributing to their flight.",7
6337,"During the week ending 3 April, there was a slight decrease in the number of AWD/Cholera cases and deaths, from 3,390 cases and 70 deaths in week 12 to 3,292 cases and 67 deaths in week 13.",4
10399,"By end of December 2014, 72% (81) hospitals were reported accessible, 8% (9) hard-to-reach, and 20% (23) were in-accessible.",4
4081,"Urgent action is needed to counter the devastating effects of the lean season in Chad. Between May/ June and September, close to 1 million people living in the Sahelian belt will have little or no access to food (i), as a result of a poor agricultural and pastoral campaign, climatic shocks, economic and fiscal crisis, conflict and market distortions. In the midst of drought, the country enters its worst lean season in six years: 19 departments are on crisis and emergency phases in 2018, compared to 17 in 2017",3
7077,"The community is located about two kilometers south of Adumim, and is home to 21 families numbering a total of 146 members, including 85 children and youths. It also has a mosque and a school, which was built in 2009 and serves more than 150 children between the ages of six and fifteen.",2
6624,"As of the beginning of March, 7,500 people were without proper shelter, sleeping in the open, and many IDPs lack food supplies and access to health and WASH facilities. Reports received since indicate much larger numbers of displaced in precarious conditions.",10
3877,"The stability of food prices, together with increased income from the livestock sector, is expected to maintain the majority of poor households in Stressed (IPC Phase 2) acute food insecurity through September.",3
497,"Iraq has detained or imprisoned at least 19,000 people accused of connections to the ISIS or other terror-related offenses, and sentenced more than 3,000 of them to death, according to an analysis by The Associated Press. The mass incarceration and speed of guilty verdicts raise concerns over potential miscarriages of justice — and worries that jailed militants are recruiting within the general prison population to build new extremist networks.The AP count is based partially on an analysis of a spreadsheet listing all 27,849 people imprisoned in Iraq as of late January, provided by an official who requested anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the media. Thousands more also are believed to be held in detention by other bodies, including the Federal Police, military intelligence and Kurdish forces. Those exact figures could not be immediately obtained.  The AP determined that 8,861 of the prisoners listed in the spreadsheet were convicted of terrorism-related charges since the beginning of 2013 — arrests overwhelmingly likely to be linked to the ISIS, according to an intelligence figure in Baghdad.  In addition, another 11,000 people currently are being detained by the intelligence branch of the Interior Ministry, undergoing interrogation or awaiting trial, a second intelligence official said. Both intelligence officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief the press.uman Rights Watch warned in November that the broad use of terrorism laws meant those with minimal connections to the ISIS are caught up in prosecutions alongside those behind the worst abuses. The group estimated a similar number of detainees and prisoners — about 20,000 in all. ",9
3714,"The agrarian crisis in the state is a fallout of a weather vagary that hasn’t received much notice. The northeast monsoon — critical to the southern peninsula, particularly Tamil Nadu — has been a failure, with overall rainfall between October and December 45.2 per cent below normal. This is the worst since the 48.3 per cent deficit recorded in 2011. In October 2016, 22 districts of Karnataka were declared drought hit.",11
4045,"In  Ezo County, Western Equatoria, the Commission for Refugee Affairs (CRA) registered 102 households (297 refugees) from Democratic of Republic of the Congo (DRC) fleeing from fresh attacks by the Lord’s Resistance Army (LRA). The refugees have reportedly fled from Mogoroko, Ngbamunga, and parts of Kpanangbara. The refugees told the CRA that LRA rebels killed two DRC soldiers and their wives, abducted many people and looted properties. The new arrivals are staying with refugees who had returned to the settlement in Ezo and with the host community. The CRA also reported a total of 966 households (2,809 individuals) still residing in Ezo county before the most recent arrivals. Since fighting broke out in Ezo county in 2015, UNHCR has not had access to the refugee camp in Ezo, with the camp officially closed in February 2016.",9
6713,"Malnutrition is a severe public health concern and food insecurity remains a cyclical problem in Mozambique. Forty-three percent of children under the age of five are stunted (SETSAN 2013). In the northern region, the prevalence of stunting exceeds 50 percent. ",3
3978,"The situation remains critical with a lack of livelihood opportunities compounding protection issues, particularly for women, and the ability of South Sudanese refugees to become self-reliant remains challenging, with most households unable to find work or engaged in casual labour on low wages, as compared to the region’s high cost of living. In South Kordofan, there has been a significant increase of new arrivals in 2017 which has contributed to tension in the area as host communities have experienced their already limited services stretched beyond capacity.",9
7280,"Intense fighting persists between government forces supported by the international military forces and armed opposition groups. Civilians are bearing the brunt of the conflict. According to the United Nations, over 10 400 civilians were killed or injured in 2017; more than 30% were children. The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) estimates that at least 479 000 people have become newly displaced since January 2017, requiring humanitarian assistance and protection from violence. They urgently need basic services such as health care, water and shelter. At national level, eight million Afghans are food insecure. At the moment, the country is experiencing a 70% reduction in rainfall compared to the same period last year. Current projections of persistent dry spells predict an aggregated food deficit in 2018. The resilience of millions of Afghans is further eroded by regular natural disasters, including: floods; landslides and earthquakes. The United Nations estimates that over 250 000 people are affected by natural disasters every year in Afghanistan. Some 5.8 million Afghan refugees have returned to Afghanistan since 2002. Throughout 2017, approximately 650 000 Afghans have returned to the country, often after many decades, due to diverse push and pull factors, including deteriorating protection space in Pakistan and Iran. The influx of the returnees has strained the capacity of existing services and caused concerns about their ability to re-integrate and establish decent living conditions. Meanwhile, a further 5 million Afghans (2.7 million without registration or legal status) are still living as refugees in neighbouring Iran and Pakistan.",1
904,There were 57.5 full time clinicians in Zaatri camp during the first half of 2017 covering the outpatient department (OPD) with 37 consultations/clinician/day on average which is higher than 2016 and is within the acceptable standard (<50 consultations/clinician/day).,4
8189,"If the political situation gets complicated it is possible that the influx of people increases, but this forecast already allows us to help these people for 4 weeks, then the plan can be revised, however it is not necessary to wait for the plan to provide food aid To these people",10
813,"In Eritrea, where the vast majority of livelihoods depend on subsistence agriculture and pastoralism, 80 per cent of the population is vulnerable to recurrent drought.",3
344,"Flash flood occurred in nearly all unions under the six haor districts and affected about one third of the households of the districts. It destroyed the potential boro crop fully. Also the affected households suffered due to loss of fisheries and domestic animals and birds. Moreover, some households have lost their houses (fully or partially).",10
9822,"Emergency food assistance was distributed to over 30,000 people in Koch, nearly 128,000 people in Mayendit, and over 98,000 people in Panyijiar in February. In March, over 71,600 people were reached with assistance in Leer. It is likely Famine (IPC Phase 5) remains ongoing in Leer and is possibly ongoing in Koch. It is expected that ongoing, large-scale humanitarian assistance in Mayendit continues to prevent the occurence of Famine (IPC Phase 5), and this county remains in Emergency (IPC Phase 4!). Results from a recent SMART survey in Panyijiar indicate Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes persist.   ",3
10821,"The new influx of internally displaced (IDPs) due to a conflict between Oromo and Somali could put more pressure on the existing WASH infrastructure/services in the IDP-receiving communities, in particular inlowland areas of Oromia and Somali regions. Sanitation and hygiene awareness and facilities in displacement sites is also minimal, while such intervention is critical to minimize public health outbreaks.",11
2261,"The constant danger of violence and insecurity has forced children and their teachers to stay at home – or to fl ee – and many have still not returned to school. In some cases, they may not have a school to go back to. Since the beginning of the confl ict, 416 primary and secondary schools have been attacked or used for military purposes. About 100 schools have been destroyed.",2
9614,"The Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary- General, Resident and Humanitarian Coordinator for Somalia, Mr Peter de Clercq, has expressed deep concern over reports of the unannounced destruction of internally displaced persons (IDPs) settlements, along with humanitari an infrastructure, in K13, Kahda District of Banadir, Mogadishu.“I am deeply saddened to learn of evictions, without prior notice, of internally displaced persons, in Banadir region. Some of these displaced people have walked long distances from different parts of the country fleeing drought and conflict. On 29 and 30 December, over 23 IDP settlements, housing over 4,000 IDP households, were destroyed. Personal property and livelihoods have also been lost as people were not given time to collect their belo ngings before the destruction started. Families, including children, women and the elderly are now living in the open,” said de Clercq. In addition to engaging with authorities to ensure a solution for the newly displaced people, humanitarians are mobilizing resources to provide life -saving assistance to the affect“I am equally concerned that when everyone is seized of the agenda of improving the lives of Somalis, humanitarian and development installations are being senselessly destroyed, including schools, latrines, water points, sanitation centres, shelters and other related investments generously supported by donors ,” said de Clercq. “I call upon all parties to protect and assist all civilian people who have fled conflict and drought and that have already suffered so much. Humanitarians stand ready to cooperate with and support the authorities in this regard.”ed people.",2
1146,"Reports from the Office of the President show an updated number of 184,000 households, 175 health facilities and 16,000 schools damaged by the 7 and 19 September earthquakes. Reconstruction has started in 4,000 schools, which means that 75% of severely damaged schools are yet to start demolition and rebuilding. More than 73,000 families in Chiapas and Oaxaca have received support for house reconstruction. (Source: Presidency. 7 November)",5
671," As of 8 p.m. (1700 GMT) five people had been confirmed killed and seven injured, the national office of risk management said. An estimated 22,000 people were either displaced or had their property damaged by what was one of Madagascar's worst storms in years.",10
2509,"According to the latest MHub Survey Snapshot from Italy,  migrants reported that the journey through Libya was the  most dangerous leg of their journey, with 76% of respondents  who transited through Libya reporting experiencing or  witnessing sexual assault, while 95% experienced or witnessed  forced labour, and 88% experienced or witnessed arbitrary  detention.",9
9652,"Food security results were mixed among IDPs in Central Darfur: The situation worsened in the Nertiti, Hameedia and Hasahisa cluster, where 70 percent of households were food insecure in May 2017 compared to 32 percent in May 2016. The area had been impacted by displacement from Jebel Marra during this period. In the Garsila, Um Dukhon and Mukjar cluster, the proportion of food insecure households improved from 63 to 46 percent from May 2016 to May 2017. The food insecurity level among IDPs in mixed communities deteriorated by 20 percentage points. The proportion of households with poor food consumption increased compared to May 2016 for both IDP clusters and the cluster for mixed communities. The change was relatively small in the Garsila, Um Dukhon and Mukjar cluster",3
11954,“More than a million children are out of primary school and another million are out of secondary school. At least 750 primary schools remain closed in the northern and central parts of the country due to insecurity.,2
11664,"We estimate that more than 100,000 people, including approximately 55,000 children, are at risk due to floods and landslides. It’s possible that this figure could go up to 200,000 people depending on the intensity of rains.",9
8014,"A bomb attack in Lahore that killed eight people is the latest in a wave of violence that shows a horrific disregard for human life, Amnesty International said today. Over the past fortnight, a series of bomb attacks claimed by a slew of armed groups has claimed the lives of more than 120 people and injured several more, raising concerns about the protection of human life.",9
9028,"Over 1,000 Schools Remain Closed CountrywideLatest statistics released by the Ministry of Education shows that over 1,000 schools, out of 17,500, are closed for various reasons including that of insecurity.   Most of the schools, the ministry says, are located in insecure provinces including Kunduz, Helmand and Kandahar.  In Bamiyan however, only three out of 500 schools are closed.   An official from Ghor said 130 schools are operational in areas under Taliban influence. The official said these are operational on condition the teachers’ salaries are paid through school finance officers instead of being paid into a teacher’s bank account.   Sources told TOLOnews that some schools in Kunduz have also been threatened by the Taliban and told not to use an established bank for salaries.  The Kunduz governor’s spokesman Nematullah Temori said some schools are closed in Kunduz because “the local government wants to reform the salary payroll system to fight corruption”.   He said they have adopted the system of paying teachers’ salaries into their bank accounts.   In Ghor, seven schools are closed, and 130 others are open in Taliban-influenced areas. The province has 815 schools, a local official said.  “130 schools are under Taliban influence,” a local representative of Ghor Qadir Shah Bahr said.   “Salaries are given to teachers in some schools based on the Taliban’s demands. Taliban will close the schools if this demand is not met,” Bahr said.   The Ministry of Education said no deal has been made with any group to pay teachers’ salaries.  “Such an act to make a deal with an individual or a group has not been done so far. Teachers should receive their salaries through banks,” Kabir Haqman, head of the ministry’s publications department, said.  Meanwhile, reports show that 30 out of 310 schools were closed by the Taliban in Charkh district in Logar province. However, the provincial governor’s office said all the schools have been reopened in the province.  “Some old cultures are still alive in Charkh and Kharwar districts (in Logar) where girls are not allowed to study above sixth grade,” Logar governor’s spokesman Salim Saleh said.  “There are 482 schools in Maidan Wardak (province), 68 are for girls. In total, 168,000 students are studying at these schools,” Wardak governor’s spokesman Abdul Rahman Mangals said.  Meanwhile, some schoolteachers talked about the situation of schools in their areas.  “We were faced with lots of problems last year. Some walls of our schools were damaged in the war. But this problem has been partially resolved this year,” said Anita Alamyar, a schoolteacher in Logar.  “There is an overload of students because they have come from other parts of the (Logar) province. We realized this is because it is difficult to go to schools in some districts,” Anisa Bahar, a Logar schoolteacher said.  Government figures show that over three million children are deprived of an education due to insecurity in the country.",2
6164,"In Hudaydah, UNHCR field teams also observed a huge spike in humanitarian needs. Displaced people are now living on the streetswith some taking shelter on pavements, and others most vulnerable including female and child-headed households turning to negative coping strategies to enable their survival such as through begging and child labour, which is now rampant across the governorate.",5
4828,"The heavy shower over the past two days has flooded the low-lying areas of Lama, Ali kadam and Naikhongchhari upazilas of Bandarban and some parts of Moulvibazar district. Sources said the rise in Matamuhuri River water flooded the areas, leaving at least 30 thousand people stranded and snapping road connections. Besides, the rise of water level in the river of Sangu creates a bar to plying of tourists boat. The flood-affected people are taking shelter on the hospital and school premises in the area with the apprehension of landslide, according to upazila administration sources.",6
4611,"However on the eve of the inauguration, representatives of the 30,000 families displaced by the project of Atbara and Setit complain of high rates of unemployment and poverty among them because of the government’s non-commitment to compensate the damages to farmlands.",1
2591,"Nearly 73,000 children in Kenya are severely malnourished and at risk of dying from drought-relatedhunger unless urgent aid is made immediately available.",8
6543,"Another 10,000 people crossed over the border to Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and are staying in a makeshift camp there. The camp is in a remote area, two days’ walk from the nearest village. Pregnant women have to give birth in the bush. There is minimum shelter and few mosquito nets, increasing the already high risk of malaria. There is no clean drinking water or sanitation, and our local staff team there reports an increase in cases of diarrhoea.",10
10097,"Of the total of 29 million meticais needed to recover lost agricultural production, the provincial government has only 13.6 million, which will be used to purchase close to 72 tons of corn, common beans, tomatoes, cabbage and onion seeds.",0
9605,"Prices are slowly returning to normal in southwest Mosul, according to a Rapid Market Assessment conducted by WFP in June 2017.",3
10794,"Health actors recently screened 4 million Sudanese children—approximately 75 percent of children younger than five years of age countrywide—for malnutrition. The screening identified more than 53,500 children facing severe acute malnutrition and approximately 267,000 facing moderate acute malnutrition, FEWS NET reports. North Darfur, Central Darfur, and South Kordofan recorded the highest numbers of children experiencing acute malnutrition.",3
7732,"Even before Hurricane Matthew hit Haiti in October 2016, children were suffering from high levels of vulnerability due to the three-year El-Niño-induced drought, related food insecurity and malnutrition, and considerable child protection concerns. ",9
7415,"• Population movements within Cox’s Bazar remain highly fluid, with increasing concentration in Ukhia, where the Government has allocated 3,000 acres for a new camp. People have begun arriving at the new, proposed site before infrastructure and services can be established. Crucially there is limited access to the site and no roads through this site; this is preventing the development of infrastructure including water and sanitation facilities",10
7440,"In a few Rohingya villages, Myanmar soldiers have also carried out abductions, particularly of young women and girls, the news of which has driven other people to flee. And as people have walked for days toward Bangladesh in recent weeks, Myanmar forces have systematically robbed them at checkpoints, taking money and possessions.",5
6381,"Malnutrition in Lanao del Sur is expected to increase as displacement continues and is aggravated by the loss of property and livelihood, poor access to water, and increased vulnerability to diseases. Before the confl ict, the province had the highest prevalence of malnutrition in the country, with 5 out of 10 children categorized as malnourished.",8
2076,"The local food industry of an encircled, rebel-controlled enclave in northern Homs province is in peril after regime forces reportedly drained a nearby lake that once supplied vital irrigation water and thousands of fish, sources on the ground told Syria Direct on Wednesday.",5
8600,"Since the beginning of armed confrontations, contamination from explosive hazards has led to numerous casualties and internal displacement, and is still preventing many families from safely returning to their homes. Due to the enormous challenge faced by actors carrying out dangerous clearance tasks, Libya has a critical need for technical skills and specialized equipment. ",5
11272,"More than 850,000 children under the age of five are at risk of malnutrition this year, including 274,000 who face severe malnutrition and are at imminent risk of death. This represents a 34 per cent increase over our initial estimates for the year.",8
4346,A few humanitarian agencies are providing basic sanitation support but they cannot support all the new arrivals. Sanitation issues have become a threat and may massive spread of diseases (IFRC 17/01/2017).,11
5523,"Since 2015, Eritrea has experienced drought conditions caused by El Niño that further undermined household food and livelihood security, particularly for women and children, and contributed to a cholera outbreak across three of the country’s six regions. These dynamics have led to high levels of malnutrition among children under 5, pregnant women and lactating mothers, particularly in the lowland areas",3
4482,"The drought in the Sahel particularly affects Mauritania. It tries to ward off famine looming in 2018. Pastures are roasted and dried ponds, as confirmed by satellite photographs of Mauritania published by Action against Hunger (ACF). Sorghum like watermelon are scarce. In Mauritania, all the provinces of the country are concerned, unlike Senegal and Chad, which only certain regions are affected by drought. In Tagant, there are only five dams on forty-two retaining some water. Along the Senegal River, water deficits and biomass are spectacular.",0
10255,"Since the outbreak of civil unrest in April 2015, thousands of Burundians continue to seek refuge in neighboring countries, as well as into Southern Africa. Arriving Burundian refugees and asylum seekers have expressed fear of persecution due to affiliation with the opposition, killings, extortion of money, and looting by militia groups. Many attest to being targeted and living under fear of widespread intimidation by the Imbonerakure, the ruling party’s youth wing. Men have specifically cited fear of forced recruitment by the Imbonerakure as the main protection concern. From April 2015 to June 2017, more than 416,000 Burundian refugees fled to the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), Rwanda, Uganda, and the United Republic of Tanzania. Joint verification exercises conducted by the Government of Burundi, UNHCR and partners in areas of return showed an estimated 38,000 Burundians have also returned spontaneously. The majority of returns have occurred from Tanzania to Makamba, Rutana and Rumonge provinces in Burundi.",9
4905,"A bomb attack in Lahore that killed eight people is the latest in a wave of violence that shows a horrific disregard for human life, Amnesty International said today. Over the past fortnight, a series of bomb attacks claimed by a slew of armed groups has claimed the lives of more than 120 people and injured several more, raising concerns about the protection of human life.",9
6215,"  During the last 07 month of the year 2017, 79118 suspected dengue cases have been reported to the Epidemiology Unit from all over the island. Latest Disease Trends,  Approximately 43% of dengue cases were reported from the Western province. The highest numbers of dengue cases were reported during the 25 week of 2017.  This situation warrants regular removal of possible mosquito breeding sites from the environment. It is also important to seek medical attention in the event of fever by day three of the illness.  ",4
9334,"The crisis has severely disrupted the agriculture sector. Ongoing conflict, displacement and limited access to farmland and fishing sites continue to cause significant losses. Limited access to water supplies for irrigation as well as shortages of seeds and fertilizers have crippled crop production. ",11
7629,"Report from the area shared with the ‘Daily News’ showed that water that is commonly fetched in the village is drawn from Majimoto hot spring, but is unsuitable for human consumption because it has a lot of volcanic ashes, besides having unpleasant taste and smell.  The situation has forced cyclists fetching the liquid from the neighbouring village to sell it locally to other villagers at 1,000/- a bucket. But for the poor, he said that they are forced to drink it since affording 1,000/- per bucket for an ordinary household is expensive.",11
1002,"Suspected Boko Haram militants continue to attack and abduct civilians in Niger’s conflict-affected Diffa Region. On July 2, armed actors attacked a village near Diffa town, killing at least nine people and abducting up to 40 individuals, international media reported. In Diffa’s Kabelawa IDP site, two individuals detonated improvised explosive devices on June 28, resulting in the deaths of at least two IDPs and injuring at least 11 people, UNHCR reports. As of late June, approximately 10,000 IDPs were sheltering in Kabelawa, while an additional 6,000 IDPs were sheltering in areas adjacent to the settlement. In conjunction with local officials, UNHCR and other humanitarian actors are exploring options for relocating IDPs in Kabelawa to a more secure site. ",9
7339,74% Shelter roofs in return areas are fully or partially damaged; 45% Housing Damage (Full) 47% Housing Damage (Partial) ,10
9199,"This week between 4,300 and 10,000 people transited through Hammam Al-Alil daily from west Mosul.Families reported that the continuous fighting, shelling, airstrikes, targeting of civilians attempting to flee, and the lack of food, water, and basic services are the main reasons of forced displacement",4
10924,"By end of the 2nd Quarter 2014, 51% (887) of the health centres were reported fully functioning, 21% (376) were reported partially functioning (i.e., shortage of staff, equipment, medicines and damage of the building in some cases), 18% (311) were reported non-functioning (completely out of services), while functionality status of 10% (170) health centres were not reported.",4
7458,"This assessment determined that the main drivers of acute malnutrition are low household purchasing power, reduced milk production, low household food stocks, and high staple food prices. Other contributing factors include common illnesses, disease outbreaks, and poor hygiene and childcare practices.",4
4139,"90 baladiyas reported that between 80-100% of public schools in the baladiya were operational. Five schools reported that between 61% and 80% of schools were operational with two reporting that between 41% and 60% of schools were operational (Al Aziziya and Derna). 96% of mantikas (regions) reported that the majority of students were attending schools regularly within the respective baladiyas. The remaining 4% of mantikas reported irregular attendance of students in Ubari, Derna, Sirt and Aljfara.",2
10763,"Israeli occupation authorities are reducing the quantities of water provided to Palestinian areas in the northern Jordan Valley mostly under the pretext of “water scarcity”. Moataz Bisharat, in charge of the Jordan Valley settlements’ file in the Palestinian Authority, said that during the past few months, the occupation authorities started reducing water supply to Ayn Al-Bayda, Bardala and Kardala. In an interview with Quds Press today, Bisharat claimed that the occupation reduced the amount of water yesterday which significantly affected the citizens, and created a crisis for many houses and factories.",11
10448,"WASH ? Very limited to no access to sanitary latrine and safe water sources ? Open defecation is reported from all types of new influx sites ? The available toilet facilities are not protected, unsound structure and also unable to make sure the privacy and security of women group ? Security concern for women and children during the bathing and using toilets ? Lake of hygiene practice with very few water storage device, hygiene material",9
5447,"Streets in several areas of western Tripoli remained blocked today for the third day running today as a local militia continued to try to force the release of their commander, Adel Sifau. Locally known as “Shita”, he was arrested on Friday by the Rada (”Deterrence”) forces following a series of raids in Gargaresh apparently aimed at cracking down on drug and alcohol dealers, as well as illegal immigration rackets and prostitution in the area.",6
11112,"Dagahaley market is the second largest in Garissa County and serves as the backbone of trade in the other markets in the camps.  The regional drought has taken its toll on everybody’s livelihood in the Somali refugee camps, as well as on the local communities in north-eastern Kenya.  Ahmed Osman Ali, who manages the market, said barely 200 small animals, mostly in very poor condition, come to the market these days compared to over 1,000 camels, goats and cows previously. ",3
6257,"There is urgent need of food, water and sanitation support and livelihood restoration.",3
1017,At least two stranded drivers have frozen to death. Dozens are marooned there without food,10
9376,"Houses damaged and families affected by overflow of Rio del LoroThe Rio del Loro River damaged houses, supplies, crops and livestock, leaving more than 1,800 families affected.They are being relocated to temporary shelters",10
9461,"An anecdotal report indicates that some of the suspected cases originated from Darfur, Sudan. This has created animosity between the indigenous people and the migrants, with unconfirmed reports that some migrants have since been expelled back to Darfur by the local communities. These reports are being investigated by the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) in Chad.",9
3320,"Iraqi families continue to return to their home regions in Anbar after their liberation from Islamic State militants, officials were quoted saying Tuesday. Alsumaria News quoted Hussein Ali, mayor of Rawa, saying that a number of families began returning to Rawa, west of Anbar, the last city Iraqi forces recaptured from Islamic State. He said the families were thoroughly vetted by security authorities.",9
10271,"The chaos in the Nairobi slums of Mathare and Kibera, as well as in the opposition stronghold of Kisumu city, contrasted with widespread calm — and celebrations in some areas — in the country of 45 million after Kenya's election commission said late Friday that President Uhuru Kenyatta won a second term. Protests, often violent, began soon after voting when Kenyatta's main challenger, Raila Odinga, alleged vote-rigging.",9
7330,"The military order will take effect on June 16, two months after it was signed off.",10
7948,"Food insecurity is higher in rural areas, while IDPs in urban areas need livelihood assistance.",3
6874,"Power price to increase in Burundi Due to the power failure that regularly occurs in the country, the company in charge of supplying water and electricity [REGIDESO] now launches the new thermal power plant which will produce 30 Megawatts. Its generators will use between 150 and 160 thousand liters of oil per day.Nzikobanyanka says house owners and institutions that will not have paid the company regularly will not be supplied with electricity from 30 September. He says it will take BIF 6 billion each month to keep the thermal power plant functioning.",7
6651,"About 2 million under-5 children suffer from moderate acute malnutrition, 462k of whom are severely malnourished",3
6802,"Cholera education including individual and collective hygiene, preservation and consumption of food, construction and proper use of latrines, garbage disposal, water disinfection with Certeza. ? Distribution of educational leaflets ? Referral of patients with diarrhoea to the nearest health facilities ? Visits to homes of patients admitted to the CTC to prevent further infection ? Participation in coordination meetings at national, provincial and district levels",4
2000,"With estimated unemployment of around 50 percent, skyrocketing inflation, and shortages of consumer items including staples like bread, flour, eggs, and other dairy products, some people are leaving the country in search of better lives.",3
4471,"This map illustrates satellite-detected destroyed or otherwise damaged structures in Maungdaw District, Myanmar, as seen in satellite imagery collected on 16 September 2017. The analysis found a total area of more than 20 square kilometers of destroyed structures within the 2,000 square kilometers analyzed. According to other data on town locations it is likely that more than 160 towns are affected within the area analyzed. Additionally, 144 fires were detected within the area between 25 August and 21 September 2017 by the MODIS and VIIRS sensors, with recent fire detections indicating destruction is likely ongoing. Most of the detected fires are located in the proximity of the affected areas as observed in the imagery collected 16 September. Finally, heavy cloud cover during the period in question, and on 16 September especially, indicates that destruction and fire detections are likely underestimated in this analysis. This is a preliminary analysis and has not yet been validated in the field",10
739,"Parts of the country received heavy rains in late January, causing floods in some areas. This will temporarily alleviate water shortages for human and animal use in some areas, but the damage done to the Maha crop is irreversible and there is continued concern for the subsequent Yala season due to the still very low water levels in reservoirs (73 major reservoirs stand at only 28% of their capacity). ",5
5782,"The Government of Bangladesh has targeted 330,000 (of the total 850,088) households to provide assistance. The support include mainly GR (rice and cash), VGF, cash through Employment Generation Program for Poorest scheme and C. I. sheet and cash for housing. In addition, the government assistance included special cash grant under VGF. Details of the assistance is are in the table below:",10
309," “[During] the first two weeks we registered 25 cases, but now the number has risen to 38 from the two villages. No death has been reported so far. We have put measures in place to contain the outbreak.  ",4
6870,"WASH ? Old Filled up latrines are hazard as some have collapsed, others are overused. ? Lack of privacy due to broken doors, missing doors and holes in the roofs. In some camps, latrines are also used as shower rooms. Size of the latrines is small to allow for bathing. ? Lack of accessible latrines for elderly, sick and the persons with disabilit ies. Similarly very small children can also not use the latrines. ? Solid waste management is an issue due to less number of half barrels for collect ing rubbish in the camps.",11
711,"The people in Rumonge put the refugees up in several temporary shelters, including a local vocational school.  'There are only two toilets here,' headmaster Gaspard Nibaruta tells DW correspondents as he shows them round. 'With more than 400 people here, we get hygiene problems.'  A young Congolese woman who's come to the school tells DW the conditions are difficult to bear: 'I haven't slept yet. We have to lie down on the floor. There are no mats, nothing. We also haven't had anything to eat yet.'",7
3420,"Existing food insecurity is being further aggravated by the prevailing river and flash flooding, which will also put further strain on the limited humanitarian resources, unless additional resources are mobilized quickly.",3
7486,"Kasai region: While a relative improvement in the security situation has allowed for some 631,000 people to return home, 762,000 people remain internally displaced and 34,000 people have fled to Angola as refugees. Needs remain great among both the displaced and returnee populations, as many people fled with nothing and are returning to villages, livelihoods and homes that have been destroyed. Violence has resulted in a 750 per cent increase in acute food insecurity across the Kasais, and loss of two agricultural seasons, further jeopardizing the food security outlook in 2018.",3
9861,"Some of South Sudan's 6000 schools opened for a new academic year last month - but the government does not know how many.Teachers have not been paid. Many of them, and their pupils, are on the run after four years of fighting. In the capital, classrooms are filled with hungry displaced families.Many schools are deserted in abandoned towns and villages around the country. Nearly 19,000 children have been recruited by armed groups, the UN said, although several hundred were released last month. But militias easily lure children by offering them food and protection. ",2
2065,"Weeks of below-average rainfall in parts of Cote d’Ivoire’s main cocoa regions are raising concerns about the April-to-September mid-crop, farmers said on Monday.  The world’s top cocoa producer is in the midst of the rainy season, and downpours this month are expected to be heavy and regular. But farmers have been concerned about a lack of rain over the past weeks.  In the center-western region of Daloa, which produces a quarter of Cote d’Ivoire’s national output, farmers complained about the dry weather.",0
2209,"Since January, 60,725 children were vaccinated against measles and 21,500 children were treated for Acute Watery Diarrhoea (AWD). UNICEF has completed its 2017 procurement of live saving vaccines and essential nutrition supplies, albeit some constraints in the delivery of these supplies due to sporadic fuel shortages resulting in interruptions to timely transportation to peripheral health facilities.",4
5567,"Five critical pumping stations (Al- Khafseh, Ayn AlBayda, Bab AlNayrab, Suleiman Al Halabi and Tishreen) are designed to deliver water to all people living in entire Aleppo city",11
3133,"Escalated fighting has damaged national infrastructures, including the only gas export pipeline and main ports. Prior to the crisis, Yemen imported 90 percent of staple food crops (i.e. wheat), however recently imposed restrictions and delays on imports are undermining the commercial sector and impeding the delivery of goods and humanitarian aid.",3
1279,"Following the earthquake of magnitude 6.4 M at a depth of 9.45 km that occurred in northeastern Taiwan on 6 February, several aftershocks hit the same area. The strongest one with a magnitude of 5.7 M and a depth of 15 km happened on 7 February at 15.21 UTC. Its epicentre was located 17 km north-east of Hualien city and 10 km south-east of the 6.4 M earthquake. USGS PAGER indicated a shaking up to 'moderate' for 148 000 people. According to national reports, as of 8 February at 7.30 UTC, nine people were reported dead, 25 people are still missing and 269 were injured across Hualien county. In addition, at least 830 people were evacuated, 158 schools resulted damaged, over 2 000 houses suffered power outages and over 40 000 houses suffered water outages. Over the next 24 hours, no more heavy rain is forecast for the area affected by the quakes but a strong wind advisory is in effect for the whole island.",2
11237,"Lack of financial resources is jeopardizing WFP and partners’ ability to provide live- saving food assistance to the refugees in eastern Cameroon, leaving a US$16 million gap in funding.A complete gap is expected from June onwards, pending new food consignments. Since last October, a decline in funding had already forced WFP to cut food and cash assistance by half to some 156,000 CAR refugees, who are now surviving on a minimal food ration.  ",3
977,"Half of the children under five years are stunted and some 15 per cent are ‘wasted’ (HIES, 2009/2010). There is a preexisting national average SAM case load of 2.6 per cent. A Nutrition in Emergency (NiE) response conducted between May-October 2016 following the El Nino drought in four LLGs including Upper Wage LLG, Wage Rural LLG, Kandep LLG, Pilikambi Rural LLG determined that 4 per cent of nearly 20,000 children screened were identified as and treated for SAM. There are currently no programmes for moderate acute malnutrition in PNG, which further adds to a deterioration in the nutrition situation of children in the affected areas. Limited capacity of implementing partners on the ground adds to these challenges. Scaling-up of life-saving nutrition services and building the capacity of implementing partners is one of UNICEF’s key priorities.",8
3312,Iran's semi-official Tasnim news agency said the quake had caused heavy damage in Hajdak village and some villages hit by power and water cuts.,7
1144,"Analysis by REACH indicated that while food and goods became much more available in post-surrender communities than in the period prior to their surrender, restrictions remained on commercial access, and humanitarian access was still limited.195 REACH also noted that reprisals such as property confiscation and looting were most prevalent in the post-surrender communities around Damascus.",9
10005,"Refugees’ livelihood opportunities are limited in Tanzania, and WFP assistance is their main source of food. FEWS NET reports that most refugees are currently facing Stressed (IPC 2!) levels of food insecurity with ongoing humanitarian assistance. Without humanitarian assistance, refugees would face Crisis (IPC 3) levels of acute food insecurity. Funding shortfalls forced WFP to reduce maize meal rations for refugees sheltering in Tanzania in July 2017, and during the August food distribution, rations were cut again and provided only 62 percent of daily calorie needs.",3
4896,"The water supply shortages in the city of La Paz, Sucre, Potosi and Cochabamba continue. The cities are experiencing a lack of water and rationing.",11
9347,"Tropical Cyclone ENAWO continued moving west south-west over the south-western Indian Ocean and towards north-eastern Madagascar, strengthening. On 7 March at 6.00 UTC, its centre was located approx. 50 km north-east of Antalaha city (Antsiranana Province) and had max. sustained wind speed of 231 km/h.On 7 March morning (UTC), it is forecast to continue moving west south-west and make landfall close to Antalaha city as an intense Tropical Cyclone with max. sustained winds of 220 - 230 km/h. Heavy rain, storm surge and strong winds may affect the north-eastern and central-eastern areas of the country. JRC estimations indicate a max. storm surge height of 1.3 m along the coast of Helodrano Antongila Bay, on 7 March at 13.00 UTC.As of 7 March at 7.00 UTC, Meteo Madagascar has issued a Red Alert in several areas of Diana, Sava, Sofia, Analanjirofo, Alaotra-Mangoro, Atsinanana regions.",10
10741,"A mysterious illness has killed 13 people and sickened 30 others in Liberia since April 23, according to the World Health Organization.",4
9975,"Al-Shabab does not just target aid groups, however. The rebels often retaliate against people who flee to Baidoa’s camps, saying they may be divulging details about the militants’ whereabouts to authorities. Many villagers, therefore, are reluctant to return to their homes when conditions improve. Aid workers worry that Somalia’s displacement crisis may thus prove intractable.",9
11913,"With drought, soaring inflation and severe access challenges, hundreds of communities in this corner of the country now depend on their northern neighbor to feed their families.",3
6342,"'Al-Shabab has a large number of old fighters, so they want to recruit children to bolster its ranks. They have started abducting children from local schools, and those who do not want to join them have decided to flee to the government-controlled areas,' Ahmed said.",9
7196,"For her part, the director of child nutrition department Rawda Yassen El-Sharif urged the families and parents to keep their children at home during the 3-day campaign.  She described the malnutrition percentage as “extremely high”, pointing to the huge efforts exerted by her department to reduce the disease.",8
10524,"The cholera outbreak continues with a slight upward trend in March 2018 with 290 suspected cases and 1 death compared to the 249 suspected cases and 1 death recorded in February. The incidence rate for the period between January and March 2018 was 0.08%, a decrease compared to the same period in 2017 when the incidence rate was 0.37%. The epidemic continues to concentrate in its usual basin: the most affected departments remain Ouest, Centre and Artibonite with 137, 63 and 41 registered cases respectively. However, the recent increase in cases in Nord and Nord-Ouest highlights the fact that vulnerability to cholera remains signi?cant throughout the national territory. The rainy season from April to June and the beginning of the holiday season across the country, between June and September, are important risk factors that require maintaining the level of response activities. ",4
6110,4 suspected cases of  cholera and one death leading to an outbreak reported in Vihiga,4
11745,"The new closures have also caused disruptions in the four primary schools in the area. All the teachers travel from the nearby town of Yatta, outside the area. Faced with longer journeys, teachers have been delayed and have been forced to cancel classes. Some children have been unable to reach their schools located outside the closed area. Two of four mobile health clinics in the area, located in the communities of Jinba and Mirkez, were unable to operate for two weeks due to access difficulties faced by the medical team until the residents opened an alternative dirt road.",2
2441,"Hundreds of opposition activists, leaders and protesters were arrested in January by security agents to curb demonstrations that erupted on the back of rising food prices, including bread.",9
9090,"Emergency because of rains in 4 departments: Tolima; Risaralda (acccess constraints with Choco and also in Apia 13 lanslides leaves access roads damaged; Caldas (3 children killed and reported water shortages in Villamaria Caldas; 50% of the ppl affected); Quindio (Armenia: landslides etc, and hospital flooded)",4
993,"Areas of Manbij and al-Tabaqa in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo and the western countryside of Al-Raqqah, have experienced tension, amid discontent among the citizens, because of carrying out tens of arrests of young men by the military police forces of the Syria Democratic Forces, in order to take them to the conscription service “self-defense duty”",9
10241,"Homs province, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights: the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights learned that an aid convoy of 45 trucks with about 16000 food parcels and 16 thousand sacks of flour, medical materials and children’s food have entered Talbiseh city in the northern countryside of Homs under the supervision of the Syrian Red Crescent and the International Committee of the Red Cross, while the regime forces shelled places in KafrLaha town in the countryside of Homs, while a person was killed and others were injured in the fall of shells launched by the ” Islamic State “organization on places in the village of Masoudia, which is under the control of the regime forces in the eastern countryside of Homs.",3
10598,"In the area of health, the long-lasting consequences of the conflict include shortages of qualified medical  personnel and life-saving medicines and the destruction of health infrastructure, leaving many without  access to basic medical care. Medical facilities have been targeted by aerial bombardments, resulting in  fatalities and destruction of facilities. Impeding the delivery of essential medical supplies, equipment and  treatment, has been used as a weapon of war while there are continuous reports on the removal of  medicines and medical supplies from aid convoys and attacks on medical facilities and personnel.  ",1
11948,"Continuing violence in the north-west of CAR has caused an influx of more than 22 000 new refugees in southern Chad since December 2017. Half of them are children. This influx is in addition to the 71 000 refugees who fled in previous years. The newly arrived refugees are hosted in over 40 villages and four refugee camps, increasing the pressure on already vulnerable population in areas with minimum access to basic services and high food insecurity. Furthermore, there are 5 000 people who have crossed the border and currently waiting to be registered. The number of people awaiting registration is expected to increase further.",3
4112,"The Commissioner of Pochalla County in South Sudan's Boma State Jay Adingora Alual has complained about lack of basic services in his county, especially healthcare.Speaking to Radio Tamazuj on Friday, Commissioner Alual said local residents were facing difficulties getting health services after the International Medical Corps organization that was operating the hospital left the project.",4
9175,"On 6 January 2017, the Brazil Ministry of Health (MoH) reported 12 suspected cases of yellow fever from six municipalities in the state of Minas Gerais.  On the same day, the Brazil IHR National Focal Point (NFP) informed PAHO/WHO that the 12 cases are male, residing in rural areas, and have an average age of approximately 37 years (range: 7–53 years). The first of these cases had onset of symptoms on 18 December 2016. ",4
8667,"girl prostitution are common in the camp.They approximated that between 30-40 percent of girls in the camp engage in sex in exchange for cash and other things.They reported that he girls tend to go out with Ethiopian men as “the Ethiopians are the ones with money in the camp.”   According to the young men and women, all the nationalities engage in prostitution although Rwandese girls are in the majority.   Participants noted that the girls engage in prostitution in order to be able to afford to purchase things like quality clothes and phones",9
1761,"People in need: 802,900 • Number of children with moderate acute malnutrition: 922,656 (8.4% of children).This year’s fodder deficit in pastoral areas of Niger – estimated at 11 million mt – has resulted in early transhumance and, in some areas, created tensions between pastoralists and farmers. Internal displacement has put enormous pressure on natural resources in the area, potentially further fuelling intercommunal conflict.",3
8633,"A group of African immigrants have been brutally killed by human smugglers in the western city of Sabratha, sources say. 15 illegal immigrants of African nationalities were found in a landfill inside Fanar forest near the sea with several shots in their bodies. 160 others are still missing and their fate is unknown.",1
6497,"Cholera remains a serious threat for the many Haitians living in poor sanitary conditions both in urban neighborhoods and isolated rural areas. However, since 2016, concerted eforts of national authorities and humanitarian partners have succeeded in drastically reducing the number of reported cholera cases throughout the country. As of 31 December 2017, 13,682 suspected cholera cases and 150 deaths had been registered in the country in 2017 compared to 41,955 cases and 451 deaths for the same period in 2016, a decrease of 67% in both cases",4
2522,"Migrant returns from Libya have increased in recent months owing to worsening living conditions and other hardship. In February, more than 27,000 migrants crossed the border back into Niger - 22 times the number registered a year ago. With the influx of incoming migrants, testimonies of the existence of slave markets and some kinds of private prisons all over Libya have come to the surface, according to a report by IOM on 11 April. ",9
2006,"Conflict in Yemen is the primary driver of the largest food  security emergency in the world, with 7 to 10 million people  in Crisis (IPC Phase 3), or worse, and in need of urgent  humanitarian assistance. Of this total, at least two million  people are in Emergency (IPC Phase 4) and face an increased  risk of mortality.",3
2193,"The Commission observes, however, that there has been almost no progress in investigating and bringing to account perpetrators of human rights violations, including of sexual violence in conflict. Despite the court-martial of 12 SPLA soldiers for the rape of humanitarian aid workers, among others, at the Terrain hotel in Juba in July 2016, justice for thousands of other survivors, including hundreds of women raped by the SPLA and other security services during July 2016, has not been delivered.",9
11162,"On the situation of people who have allegedly surrendered, small waves of arrivals continue (8 new arrivals, for a total of more than 1,300 people since July 2016). Two armed men reportedly surrendered in Tchoukoutalia on March 22, three in Kaiga-Kindjiria on March 16, and two people (one man and one woman) with a child in Ngouboua on March 6.",9
4796,"“More patients and pregnant women will die if government does not construct the road,” said Zia Rahman, a resident of the district.",6
4423,"About 3.3 million children and pregnant or lactating women are acutely malnourished, including 462,000 children under 5 suffering from severe acute malnutrition. This represents a 57 per cent increase since late 2015 and threatens the lives and life-long prospects of those affected. ",8
7324,"The vital Karem Shalom crossing, one of the only entry points for goods in and out of Gaza, was damaged three days ago and is now closed, or opening for limited goods. If this continues, this could spark a further fuel shortage which would hit agricultural irrigation. Oxfam is working to rehabilitate a number of irrigation wells in Gaza but we don’t have a Plan B at this stage. The knock-on inflation on food prices would hit poor families hard and quickly",3
1503,"The men confirmed that borrowing is common in the camp, but that it is overly in food terms. They said that they rarely lend each other money in the camp as money is difficult to come by. ",3
10229,"Five health institutions have been destroyed by the floods and require shelter materials and personnel for the increased patient load. The Government estimates that over 100,000 people are without safe drinking water following damage to water supply infrastructure by the floods. There is an increased potential for the outbreak of water and vector borne diseases including malaria, cholera and measles. More than 90 per cent of small-scale miners in heavily affected areas have lost their livelihoods as mine working are inundated in water.",11
3897,"Residents of central Parwan province, having sympathies with Taliban and security forces, complain the harsh behavior of the warring parties has forced them to migrate to other places.",9
6693,"This is a crisis which is not going away. The GCFF needs more support from international partners on two fronts: to address the protracted impact of Syrian refugees in Jordan and Lebanon and to help middle income countries make themselves more resilient to the future refugee crises that we all know will unfortunately happen in other parts of the world,” said Georgieva.",5
8348,"Large-scale humanitarian assistance continues to play an important role in reducing the severity of acute food insecurity outcomes in Yemen. Although needs remain higher than current assistance levels, WFP reached approximately 4.4 million people in May and 5.3 million people in June with rations meeting between 60 and 100 percent of beneficiaries’ monthly consumption needs. At current funding and assistance levels, WFP expects to continue providing assistance through October 2017.",3
277,"Reduced cereal production is projected in Southern Africa. South Africa, the largest producer of white maize in the region, is already projecting a 22 per cent decline in crop production this season",3
2217,"The CEDAW committee request followed numerous reports of Myanmar army-led attacks on Rohingya Muslims, including mass killings, rape and other sexual violence, and widespread arson in hundreds of predominantly Rohingya villages, forcing more than 717,000 Rohingya to flee to neighboring Bangladesh since August 2017.37 women and girls who were raped in August and September 2017, mostly by gangs of uniformed soldiers. Witnesses and survivors also saw many other women and girls raped in groups, which amounted to patterns of gang rapes, as well as biting, kicking, and other physical abuse. Many recounted soldiers killing their elderly parents or children, including by throwing their infants into fires.“Myanmar’s security forces used brutal gang rapes to terrify and injure as part of their ongoing attack on the Rohingya population,” said Matthew Smith, chief executive officer at Fortify Rights. “The authorities’ denials, essentially saying Rohingya women are liars, compound the terrible harms inflicted.”",9
4555,"Given the apprehension of impending hardship across the haor regions of Bangladesh’s north and north east – Netrakona, Sunamganj, Brahmanbaria, Moulvibazar, Habignaj and Sylhet – the government has already decided to start selling cheap staples at more OMS points than before. It is estimated that the floods have destroyed 600,000 hectares of paddy.",0
8624,"Israeli occupation forces expelled, on Tuesday morning, five Palestinian families from their homes in Khirbet Hamsa al-Fawqa, in the northern Jordan Valley. Activist A’ref Draghmah said that soldiers expelled the families, including women and children, to the outdoors, under the pretext of conducting military exercises. Israeli forces have expelled the aforementioned families three times in the last two months, under the same pretext.",10
1572,"With temperatures already topping 37°C (99°F) and rising, hundreds of thousands of Iraqi Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) who have survived ISIS now face new challenges to combat the looming summer heat.  As reported by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) says there are currently 52,000 displaced Iraqis living at the Qayara emergency site, formerly the Qayara airstrip south of Mosul. The soaring heat is already affecting health and living conditions of the individuals living there after fleeing war-torn Mosul and surrounding areas.",10
3505,"Cumulatively, 6,774 cholera cases including 221 deaths (70 facilities and 151 community) (CFR 3.25%) have been reported in South Sudan involving 18 counties in 10 states since the initial case was reported on 18 June 2016 for Jubek state",11
8265,"Belarus arbitrarily detained at least 700 people in March 2017 in connection with peaceful protests, Human Rights Watch said today. The majority, including more than 100 journalists and 60 human rights activists, were detained in connection with peaceful protests marking Belarus’ annual Freedom Day on March 25.",9
2435,"Persistent insecurity has disrupted agricultural and pastoral activities - which are the main sources of employment, income and food for a majority of the population – and humanitarian needs are expected to continue to increase. ",3
7387,"From March to May 2017: 22,209 people in IPC Phase 3. 228 052 people in IPC Phase 2. ",3
3870,"More than 8,000 displaced civilians have been trapped for 38 consecutive days in the Wadi Al-Atheeb area, east of Hama, under a siege imposed by the Syrian regime forces. The head of Akirbat’s local council Ahmad Al-Hamawi told the Anadolu Agency that the civilians left the Akirbat village to escape the fighting between the Syrian regime forces and Daesh fighters. Al-Hamawi warned that a major humanitarian disaster was imminent if food did not enter the area soon. Civilians live in the open in Wadi Al-Atheeb, a desert area, he explained, without protection from the sun. According to Al-Hamawi people left Akirbat following an agreement between the Syrian regime and Daesh which had controlled the area.",3
1130,"The lack of electricity and regular supply of water to the population is mainly reported in the central and western territories. There are some territories that have remained without electricity for five days. Yuri Camilo Viamontes Lazo, Deputy Minister of Energy and Mines, explained that Hurricane Irma caused significant damage in 100% of the thermoelectric plants located along the northern coast of the country and, to a lesser extent, in two plants along the southern coast. The most serious situation is reported in the Central Region of the Island.Inés María Chapman, President of the National Institute of Hydraulic Resources, pointed out that the most severe damage to the public water supply is reported from the province of Las Tunas to Havana. In the west, the greatest impact is concentrated in Havana.",7
11744,"The governor of Sudan’s White Nile State, Abdel-Hameed Musa Kasha, has called on UN agencies to intervene and assist the South Sudanese refugees who are arriving in the state.Speaking to Radio Tamazuj on Sunday, Governor Kasha said the number of refugees from South Sudan is increasing due to the upsurge in recent fighting between the warring rivals in northern Upper Nile. Musa added that this increase in refugees is constraining the already limited resources in his state.",1
973,"Shortage of safe water for populations trapped inside western Mosul remains a concern and a potential risk for outbreaks of water borne diseases such as acute watery diarrhea. As the cholera season is approaching, preparedness measures by the MOH, WHO, health and Water Sanitation and Hygiene partners have stepped up. ",11
592,"According to the testimonies by Aaron Chambaira and Stella Dosani during the event, most village heads do not consider people living with HIV/AIDS when it comes to distribution of relief food items.",3
6161,"Diphtheria • As of 05 May 2018, there were 6 860 diphtheria case-patients reported through EWARS and an additional 582 case-patients were tested negative on PCR. • This week 75 new case-patients were reported which is less than previous week (100 case-patients in week 17). • Total of 42 deaths were reported in EWARS (case-fatality proportion <1.0%), no new deaths were reported in last three weeks. • Of all diphtheria cases, 228 cases have been laboratory confirmed. The last laboratory confirmed case-patient was reported on 30 April 2018. • In week 18, two (one probable and one suspected) case-patients were reported from the host community, bringing the total to 58 case-patients. • 19 case-patients were laboratory confirmed, 28 were probable and 11 were suspected. No deaths have been reported within the host community.",4
5785,"On 2, 3, 4, 8 and 12 January, Israeli forces positioned at the border fence opened fire towards Palestinian areas. No injuries were reported. On 2, 3, 5, 9, 12, 13 and 14 January, civilians, mostly youth, staged protests against the US President’s decision to move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem and to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel near the perimeter fence in different areas of Gaza. When some protestors approached the fence and threw stones towards Israeli observation posts, Israeli forces responded with gunfire and teargas. One death and 46 injuries were reported.",9
1767,"The health facility in Wonduruba is no longer functional after it was looted during thefighting and medical personnel fled the area. The team observed health records and other health materials damaged and scattered on the floor, and medicines, inpatient beds, and essential equipment looted. No immunization coverage has been conducted for children in Wonduruba since insecurity increased in September 2015. Many huts were observed to have been burnt.",4
7823,"The food and nutrition situation among these populations has deteriorated significantly, particularly among refugees and children who are internally displaced. In March, the UN reported that an estimated 2.6 million people in Cameroon, including 1.5 million people in Far North, faced food insecurity, a 189 percent increase from 2013’s food-insecure population. Furthermore, the UN Food and Agriculture Organization reports that civil conflict could undermine staple crop harvests beginning in October in northern Cameroon, likely contributing to a third consecutive year of reduced agricultural output.",3
2411,Lac:Protection incidents and cases of genderbased violence continue to increase.,9
9641,"The Honorable Commissioner of Health today briefed the press and announced that a cholera outbreak is ongoing in Kukawa LGA.The total number of cases reported from Baga LGA since the 13th of February 2018 stands at 502, with 1 death (CFR = 0.2%). 254 cases have been reported in the Doro ward, 202 cases in Baga ward and 46 cases in Kukawa ward. Out of the 77 samples tested using RDTs, 69 (89%) were positive while 23 (46%) of 50 samples were culture positive.",4
6773,"n total 2.140 cases were reported as “other diseases”. The most important diseases reported within this group were; 501 cases of Leishmaniasis (most of which were reported from Idleb 57%, Hama 24%, Aleppo 13%), 236 cases of Typhoid (most of which were reported from Dier Ezor 28%, Homs 19%, and Aleppo 18%), 212 cases of Brucellosis (most of which were reported from Rural Damascus 24%, Damascus 16%, and Hamah 15%), 31 cases of Pertussis, 18 Mumps, and 9 cases of TB.",4
233,ISIL has reportedly mined water pumping stations on the Euphrates River which hinders the pumping of water and residents are resorting to untreated water from the Euphrates River.  ,11
5212,"GoB Response in Flash Flood, 2017 The Government’s assistance to the flood affected people included cash grant, food aid and other materials. ",0
4635,"Eighty-five people are confirmed killed and four are still missing in the flooding that has hit Prachuap Khiri Khan and 11 southern provinces since Dec 1, Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Department director-general Chatchai Promlert said on Monday.",4
4076,"The quarantines imposed during the 2014-2016 epidemic did not always meet these standards.They were often not based on scientific evidence, were applied arbitrarily, and were overly broad in implementation. The quarantines were not adequately monitored, making them ineffective from a public health perspective and disproportionately affecting people unable to evade the restrictions, including older people, the poor, and people with chronic illness or disability.",4
1344,"UN reports and Al Jazeera interviews in Eastern Ghouta confirmed reports that local residents are drinking large amounts of water to suppress hunger, with food intake reduced to one meal a day. The Assad government has allowed in some aid but the UN says its current level of assistance covers just about 10 percent of the besieged population of Eastern Ghouta. This year, the Syrian government has approved only 26 percent of UN requests to deliver assistance to besieged areas. From this amount, the ministry of foreign affairs has the authority to remove any item.",3
7185,"Most KIs said that people are living in formal shelters, either in their own homes or homes vacated by others who had left areas under ISIL control. • In some villages houses were reported to have been crowded from March through May, with those families families who left Telafar city often living together in one house – in the village of Faqa 50% of houses were reported to be hosting 7-8 families on average. However, this trend has declined as more people have moved out of ISIL controlled areas of Telafar district. • IDPs were reported to be sheltering in public buildings such as schools and mosques, though this trend has declined as more people have moved out of ISIL-controlled areas of Telafar district.",10
2834,"Based on the available information to date, the risk of international spread appears unlikely, especially as it is occurring in very remote area. However, the difficulty to reach the affected area hampered prompt investigation and therefore at this stage the real magnitude of the outbreak is still to be defined and the risk of further spread in the area and sustained transmission cannot be formally ruled out. ",4
10551,Tracking of displaced people remains a challenge. Local governments of host communities need support to track and update the movement of displaced people. Evacuation centres and community-based sites need camp management support staff to monitor and facilitate the critical needs of displaced people.,9
5365,"? Limited availability of the main harvest stocks, as well as restricted purchasing power due to limited incomes and high staple food prices, will continue to curtail access to food and lead to further need for food assistance. ? The next planting season will start in May, ahead of the lean season (July to September) with its scarcity of animal fodder and water points. Given the recent food security alerts for Nigeria including through FAOs’ Global Information and Early Warning System, it is crucial that crop seeds, tools and livestock-support should reach families urgently to limit the scope of the deepening crisis. ",3
5385,"MoD: Cross-Border Shelling By Pakistan An Act of AggressionThe Ministry of Defense (MoD) has warned that Pakistan’s missile attacks on the eastern regions of the country would have serious consequences, suggesting that a diplomatic solution of the issues between the two neighbors needed to be found.",9
5850,"Egyptian security sources told Ma'an that militants connected to Daesh under the local affiliate the Sinai Province blew up two transmission towers in the Sinai Peninsula on Saturday evening, while in northern Sinai two Egyptian policemen were reportedly injured during clashes with unidentified gunmen. ",6
8220,"Relief organizations in Afrin reported the need for additional health care resources in mid-February, particularly in the district’s Robar and Al Shahba camps, in order to appropriately respond to the current and anticipated health needs of displaced populations. Health care capacity in Afrin remains a challenge amid increasing population displacement and humanitarian needs resulting from Operation Olive Branch. According to the UN, only five hospitals were operational in Afrin District as of mid-February, all of which are located in Afrin town",4
11942,"Given the current health system challenges, including the suboptimal surveillance performance and the limited access to the displaced and returning populations, the true extent of the outbreak could be underestimated. Therefore, the risk for subsequent propagation of the disease in Nigeria and in the neighbouring countries appears high.",4
2898," due to the drought, the Shabelle river has run dry in the Jilaal for the third consecutive season south of Jowhar, reducing irrigation potential in the major crop producing areas of the Shabelle basin. ",11
8444,"Lebanon's army has ordered evictions that could threaten the homes of 10,000 Syrian refugees in the Bekaa Valley, the United Nations refugee agency, UNHCR, said on Monday. The U.N. agency said the Lebanese armed forces informed refugees living in informal settlements close to Rayak Air Base - a military airport in the Bekaa Valley - around the end of March that they would have to relocate due to security reasons. ",10
8264,"Baidoa: The current situation ha s resulted in deplorable living conditions for IDPs living these congested settlements. The land these IDPs have occupied is majorly privately owned and therefore evictions are rampant. Population growth has resulted in water shortages, since no correspond ing improvements has been made to the water system since 2008. Southern part of the city being higher suffers most from water shortage .",9
5978,"Due to below-average domestic supplies, staple food prices have increased in most markets. In Soroti of Teso, the price of cassava chips in January was 1,100 UGX/kg, approximately 10 percent above last year and 14 percent above the three-year average (Figure 3). Maize flour and sweet potato prices in Soroti saw more significant increases, between 15-20 percent above both last year and their three-year averages. A similar trend was observed in Iganga of Busoga, where the January price of sweet potatoes was 717 UGX/kg, approximately 29 percent above last year and 20 percent above the three-year average.   ",3
11825,"According to UNHCR data, Kenya hosted an estimated 488,415 refugees in 20172 , primarily from Somalia and South Sudan, 57 per cent of whom are children under 18. A total of 18,385 South Sudanese refugee arrived in Kenya in 2017, which includes 575 (257girls and 318boys) Unaccompanied Minors and 3,170 (1,114 girls and 2,056 boys) separated children. Inadequate sanitation and solid waste management in the camps continues to expose the refugee populations to the risk of disease outbreaks, with Cholera outbreak reported in both camps. The Influx of new refugees to Kakuma refugee camp, exposed children to crowded and congested class rooms (Pupil: Teacher Ratio-1:120), inadequate/untrained teachers and limited teaching learning materials, which compromised the quality of the education provided. About 34,055 refugees from Dadaab Refugee Camps were voluntarily repatriated to Somalia in 2017. Besides the non-registration of new arrivals in Dadaab that has exposed undocumented children to protection risks such as lack of access to basic services within the camp, FGM, child marriage, Children associated with armed forces and armed groups, increased number of returnees, teenage pregnancies and the suspension of mobile courts continue to pose protection concerns for children. Measles outbreak was also reported in Dadaab due to influx of children from Somalia who have not had access to vaccination against preventable childhood illnesses.",2
10373,"In Greater Unity, some counties are classified in Famine or high likelihood/risk of Famine. In the absence of full quantitative data sets (food consumption, livelihoods changes, nutrition and mortality), analyses were complemented with professional judgment of the Global IPC Emergency Review Committee and South Sudan IPC Technical Working Group (SS IPC TWG) members. The available data are consistent with Phase 5 (Famine) classification and include available humanitarian assistance plans at the time of the analysis. In January 2017, Leer County was classified in Famine, Koch at elevated likelihood that Famine was happening and Mayendit had avoided Famine through delivery of humanitarian assistance. From February to July 2017, Leer and Mayendit are classified in Famine, while Koch is classified as Famine likely to happen. Panyijiar was in Phase 4 (Emergency) in January and is likely to avoid a Famine if the humanitarian assistance is delivered as planned from February to July 2017. With consistent, adequate, and timely humanitarian interventions, the Famine classification could be reversed with many lives saved.",3
1321,"The Government has handed over leadership of the response to the Marawi armed conflict to Task Force Bangon Marawi, in preparation for the transition from response to recovery. ? WFP continues to provide food assistance to displaced families and supports the return of displaced children to schools through school meals. WFP also provides logistics support in augmenting government relief distribution capacity and establishing emergency operation centres. ? Funding constraints are affecting livelihood support in Central Mindanao.",3
3182,"In addition to emergency food assistance, nutrition and WASH interventions have contributed to a decline in Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) and fewer cases of Acute Watery Diarrhea (AWD). Over 50,300 AWD cases were reported during the first half of 2017, but declined significantly to 5,900 cases during the second half of the year. The number of AWD fatalities also declined from 635 deaths between January to June to 15 deaths between July and December, with no deaths reported after August. Improvements were also due to relatively better rainfall in the latter half of the year. Despite improvements in the second half of 2017, the number of AWD cases has again increased due to low water availability and 727 cases were reported in December and January in Beletweyn, Kismayo, and Mogadishu.",11
6686,"Assistance needs will be greater than anticipated but similar to September 2017. Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes are expected in Isiolo, Garissa, Wajir, and Mandera, following another likely below-average March-May 2018 long rains season. By mid-August, household food stocks in some parts of the marginal areas are likely to already be depleted.",3
3057,"he Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights (IOHR) stated that dozens of displaced families originally from ISIS-controlled districts: Qaim, Ramadi and Fallujah, face the threat of forcible deportation from Heet disrict in Anbar province, 190 km west of Baghdad.  The monitoring network at IOHR has documented the threats to deport internally displaced people (IDPs) from Falluja and Ramadi, as well as decisions to reject those who have been displaced from areas west of Anbar. ",9
7676,"Mogadishu IDPs, priority needs (in % of the 840+ IDP sites): Food (26%), Shelter/NFI (21%), WASH (38%), Medical services (15%)",4
9615,"The immediate priority is to try to relocate around 24,000 people at highest risk from landslides.",10
590,It is common for those who do make it to Curaçao to be arrested and deported and to make repeat attempts to get there again. Danny had been to Curaçao twice before and had even saved enough money to open a moto-taxi business back in Venezuela but ongoing financial problems drove him to flee for the island again.,9
2554,"The drought situation improved during the second quarter of 2017 due to improved rains which culminated in improved harvests. The ZimVAC report of July 2017 projected that an estimated 1.1 million people would be food insecure during the peak hunger period (January to March 2018), a decrease from 4.2 million people projected during the same period in 2017. Overall, there was a decrease in the global acute malnutrition (GAM) point prevalence from 4.4 per cent in 2016 to 3.2 per cent in 2017 (ZimVAC Report May 2016 and July 2017). The decrease in GAM and people estimated to be food insecure was mainly due to an improvement in the 2016-2017 rainfall and agricultural season which was felt across the country and the well-coordinated emergency response programme implemented by different sectors with support from Donors. ",8
8954,"“They have received food aid only once in 2017,” he claimed. The Humanitarian Aid Commission has made an inventory of their number. “But these newly displaced people are lacking health services, medicines and food.”",3
7794,"The situation in Ar-Raqqa city continues to remain dire. Sustained military operations have resulted in severe shortages of foodstuffs and medicines, affecting up to 25,000 civilians still residing in the city. Residents face daily threats to their safety due to ongoing hostilities. Most residents are relying on whatever stored food they have left to survive. In terms of health services, only one wing of the National Hospital was functional as of 31 July. An airstrike on 3 August destroyed the National Hospital rendering it inoperable. The attack reportedly resulted in the death of six nurses and the injury of one doctor. Informal care points exist in other parts of the city, but they are commonly staffed by medical professionals and have only the most basic medical supplies. Access to safe water remains an urgent need, as the supply and availability of water continued to be a major gap in different locations in Ar-Raqqa Governorate, particularly Ar-Raqqa city.",4
9583,"On 27 May 2017, IOM carried out an assessment to ascertain the level of damage sustained in camps and camp-like settings due to the storm on the previous day. 20 camps were affected out of the 44 camps assessed in Maiduguri Metropolitan Council (MMC), Jere, Kaga and Konduga Local Government Areas.  The worst-hit of the camps assessed was the Boarding Primary School in Konduga with 174 damaged shelters which had left 239 HH (1,457 INDs) without shelter. 3,429 people affected",10
6623,Cholera:The current outbreak started within the catchment area of the Chikwawa Hospital. 11 New cases have been reported in week 34,4
5708,"Many areas recently became accessible for needs assessments, such as Masaken Hanano, Meshateeh, Tareek Bab, Shaar, and Qaterji. Assessment visits to the aforementioned areas showed an urgent need for water and electricity as well as NFIs as most of the returnees families found their houses were looted prior to their return",7
910,"Over 70 cases of Nodding Disease among children have been recorded in Maridi state since mid-last year, the Governor has said.",4
3557,"Lack of rainfall in the future: According to weather forecasts, rainfall will be below normal until November 2016 in the Grand Sud and the cyclone season 2016-2017 will be late by one to two months compared with normal years.",10
10929,"According to some analysts, the situation is making it hard to separate “economic migrants” from “refugees” as many who travelled to Libya for work become victims of exploitation and violence.",9
2067,"A cumulative 42,721 suspected AWD/cholera cases and 715 deaths (CFR–1.7%) have been recorded from 41 districts across 14 regions since the beginning of 2017. The trend of cholera cases recorded in the past 19 weeks shows a significant increase when compared to cases reported during the same period last year (refer to epidemic curve below). ",4
47,"In the October to December 2016 harvest period, the food security situation is expected to improve seasonally, with about 1 million people moving out of Crisis (Phase 3), Emergency (Phase 4) and Catastrophe (Phase 5) food insecurity because of consumption of own production; localized stable market prices driven by seasonal availability of local production; increased availability of vegetables, fish and milk at household level; and improved road access due to dry conditions. However, compared to the same period last year, the situation is expected to be much worse with 40% more people (about 1 million) projected to face severe food insecurity this year; this situation could worsen even more if the current insecurity situation deteriorates further and spreads to other parts of the country that are experiencing relative calm. This worsening situation in the projection period is mainly attributed to the economic crisis and resultant high food prices; disruptions to agricultural activities particularly in the Greater Equatoria region which is the country’s food basket; and insecurity along the major trade routes that has disrupted market functionality.",3
7563,"Earlier in December 2017, the Uganda Virus Research Institute (UVRI) confirmed a positive case of CCHF in Nakaseke district. As of January 18, 2018, two confirmed and seven suspected cases had been investigated in Nakaseke district. Three of the seven suspected cases were close relatives of the patient. Samples from the seven suspected cases tested negative for CCHF. Regarding RVF, a total of five patients including four deaths have been confirmed in this outbreak. Cases have been sporadic, with no epidemiological link, and are spread out in diverse geographical areas in the cattle corridor. This is the second time RVF cases are confirmed in Uganda.",4
7402,"Intense Tropical Cyclone ENAWO is expected to make landfall over north-east Madagascar on Tuesday (07 March). It is expected that the the cyclone will hit around Cap Masoala(between Antalaha and Foulpointe) on the north-east coast with sustained wind speeds of between 165 km/h and 200 km/h. ENAWO will subsequently move southwards acrossthe highlands, including Antananarivo, as a storm system. Eight regions are at risk of floods: Analanjirofo, Atsinanana, Sofia, Alaotra Mangoro, Analamanga, Menabe, VatovavyFitovinany and Atsimo Andrefana. According to GDACS, up to 1.1 million people can be affected by wind speeds of cyclone strength or above. ENAWO appears similar to CycloneIVAN, which in 2008 affected 525,000 people, including displacing 195,000 people displaced. Existing capacities are expected to be exceeded. With logistics expected to be challenging,the Logistics Cluster is already developing response (and emergency resource mobilization) plans. Other sectors are also preparing.",7
6650,"Most of the displaced people in Ituri are living with host families, but some are sheltering in schools, churches or small informal camps,” says Florent Uzzeni, emergency coordinator in DRC. “Many in Bunia are women and children who are totally reliant on aid for their most basic needs, such as food and water. We know that there are many displaced people in the areas we can’t yet reach due to insecurity, and every effort needs to be made to bring them the assistance they so desperately need.”  A team is also present in Mahagi, further north, where exploratory missions are ongoing. MSF has been providing remote support to the harder-to-reach areas such as Drodro, including through donations of drugs and equipment, and kits for treating the wounded. As very little help is able to reach these people, many are gradually making their way north in search of food, medical care and shelter.",10
10434,"2017 Cumulative total - 316.Total of 395 cases officially reported w ith 20 deaths since 13 Dec. 2016: North West Zaire prov, (Soyo city) and Cabinda (w ith 390 cases - 99%) & Luanda city (5)",4
441,"Continuous settlement expansion on the hilltops surrounding Wadi Fuqin has led to some 20 wells providing water to the village to dry up, Qaisi said, adding that the settlements were also dumping rubble produced by construction into the valley where Palestinian crops are cultivated, partially burying a number of olive trees in the area.",11
2011,"Water crises in Sudan’s Nile states The people of Alawaj village in White Nile State carried out a sit-in on Monday demanding provision of drinking water to the village.In Omdurman, the residents of Sala Zalat, El Bank Alagari, Murabaat and the triangle south of Abusiid have renewed their complaint about a severe crisis in drinking water, which they said began five months ago. They complain of the soaring of water prices and limited access.The residents of a number of the districts of Shendi in the Nile River State have complained of a five-month water crisis. ",11
11792,"Based on IDP estimations and the identification from partners on the ground, 196,250 people displaced out of Afrin district and people remaining in Afrin district are in need of a variety of NFIs.",7
11349," However, around 65,000 displaced people in other locations do not have access to identification, referral and response mechanisms for rights violations, including gender-based violence. ",9
1244,"Dignity Operation Special Forces announced on Tuesday that the commander of the 36th Brigade, Brigadier General, Abdul Hamid Werrfali was killed clashes in in one of the fronts, southwest of Derna. According to sources, clashes in the area resulted in the deaths of four other members of Dignity Operation, including a platoon commander as well as the injury of five others. Fierce clashes have broken out between the Derna Protection Force and Dignity Operation forces, at a time when the city's residents are suffering from difficult humanitarian conditions after being cut off from medical and food supplies.",4
8,"Today, 1.4 million people in Haiti, including 600,000 children, require humanitarian assistance.",1
2226,"Annual and long-term average (2013-2016) analysis indicate that average retail prices for maize grain, sorghum and beans have continued to increase annually.",3
3490,"Participants indicated that there is no time they require specific seasonal type of foods because most of them have been introduced to food that is not part of their main meal and as refugees they do not have much to say over the types of food they receive. Furthermore the food is always not enough both during lean periods as well as when maize is in sufficient supply. Maize the distributers remove 3 kgs and the refugee are only given 10 kgs per person. In the camp people that need more assistance exists and these include orphans, disabled, vulnerable, widows and the elderly. All those that do not belong to these groups of people do not require special assistance. ",3
10808,": More than 6,000 new CAR refugees were reported in addition to the 22,000 previously registered by UNHCR who arrived in Chad between December 2017 and February 2018. Around 18,500 (66%) of these refugees are children. The results of an Emergency Food Security Assessment (EFSA) released in March 2018 by the Food Security Cluster, indicate that two third of the households hosting refugees are food insecure (2.1% of them are severely affected); 22% of refugees isolated households are severely food insecure and 59.5% are moderately food insecure",8
7616,"Without access to clean drinking water from the Ein al-Fijah springs, Wadi Barada residents are turning to drinking from non-sterile sources. As a result, “diarrheal diseases and gastroenteritis are spreading among residents,” ",4
4443,"In their latest report, Cáritas Venezuela confirmed that the amount of children with some degree of malnutrition – in the poorest parishes of the states covered by the study – climbed from 54% to 68% between April and August; the trend tripled in four months. A larger number of malnutrition cases in all three forms, acute, moderate and severe, was registered. Those figures surpass the severity threshold that defines a crisis and push us closer to a food emergency. In the homes covered by the study, respondents admitted they’ve reduced their meal intake, as well as the quantity and quality of the products they consume. Deficiencies in food diversity went from 66% to 85% between February and August 2017.",8
11093,"One nurse was killed, and several staff were wounded yesterday in an attack on a hospital in Dael, Daraa. The hospital was hit by airstrikes at 1:30 A.M. on April 9, 2017 destroying an ambulance, damaging the hospital and putting it out of service. ",4
7759,"? Conflict and prolonged drought conditions—spanning four consecutive rainy seasons—continue to reduce access to safe drinking water, disrupt sanitation services, and increase disease outbreak risks, particularly among vulnerable women and children in Somalia. ",11
11448,Most of the children and women said they had expected to spend extended periods working in Libya to pay for the next leg of the journey – either back to their home countries or to destinations in Europe. ,9
9312,"December 31, 2017  At 2:30 pm, A primary health care center in Haratsa in (Eastern Ghouta), Rural Damascus, was impacted by an airstrike. The attack resulted in minor structural damage. 2 nurses were injured and the facility remained open.  December 31, 2017  At 12:55 pm, the Al Salam hospital in Maarrat Al Numan, Idlib, was impacted by an airstrike resulting in minor structural damages. The facility remained open.  December 30, 2017  At 3:25 pm, a medical warehouse in Maarrat Al Numan, Idlib, was impacted by barrel bombs resulting in structural damage and the destruction of medical supplies, equipment and medicines. There were no injuries or casualties and the facility went out of service.  December 30, 2017  A paramedic working for a hospital in Eastern Ghouta was killed as a result of artillery shelling in Harasta.  December 29, 2017  At 10:10 pm, a hospital in Daraa was impacted by artillery shelling. The attack resulted in minor structural damages and damaged one medical vehicle. No casualties were reported and the facility remains open.  December 28, 2017  At 10:30 am, a primary health care center in Maarrat Al Numan, Idlib was impacted by a nearby barrel bomb, which destroyed several windows and doors. The facility was put out of service. One woman was killed during the attack and 3 children were injured.  December 28, 2017  At 2:10 PM, a hospital in Kafr Zeita in Hama was impacted by an air strike. The facility had minor damage and no casualties, and remained open. The hospital provided an average of: 929 consultations, 78 admissions, 36 surgeries and 35 war related trauma cases per month.  December 26, 2017  At 11:40 am, a hospital in Kafr Zeita in Hama was impacted by an airstrike. The attack caused minor damage to the building and no casualties were reported. The facility went temporarily out of service. The hospital provided an average of: 860 consultations, 90 admissions, 30 major surgeries and 19 war related trauma cases per month.  December 26, 2017  At 12:50 pm, a hospital in Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib was attacked by an air strike. The attack resulted in minor structural damages to the facility. No casualties were reported and the facility went out of service. The hospital provided an average of: 736 consultations, 34 admissions, 39 major surgeries and 8 war related trauma cases per month.",4
7894,"Cholera education including individual and collective hygiene, preservation and consumption of food, construction and proper use of latrines, garbage disposal, water disinfection with Certeza. ? Distribution of educational leaflets ? Referral of patients with diarrhoea to the nearest health facilities ? Visits to homes of patients admitted to the CTC to prevent further infection ? Participation in coordination meetings at national, provincial and district levels",4
1850,"Bangladeshi women are increasingly seeking maternal care from health facilities, according to the 2016 Bangladesh Maternal Mortality and Health Care Survey (BMMS). During 2001 and 2010, maternal mortality rate (MMR) declined significantly, from 322 to 194 maternal deaths per 100,000 live births. However, BMMS 2016 does not provide any evidence that MMR has changed since 2010.",4
6262,"“Yesterday (Wednesday) no water deliveries were made to the IDPs because of the fighting. Given the scorching heat and the exposure of population to the elements, soon we will see people suffering from chronic dehydration and diarrhoea as well as diseases like cholera.”",11
8782,"Conflict, insecurity and the threat to health workers means that health services cannot be made available in all areas of the country whilst population health is threatened by outbreaks of communicable diseases.",4
4121,"'We don't have electricity here. The solar panels - they are not strong to supply enough power. We also have a generator but using a generator has been too costly in terms of buying fuel. Without electricity we are unable to print out some handouts to the learners, which are needed for certain lessons,' she stated.",7
1276,"More heavy rains are expected in the Dominican Republic over the next couple of weeks, prompting the state-run Emergency Operations Centre (COE) to declare an emergency alert for 25 provinces.  More than 9,000 people have already been forced to leave their homes into shelters as heavy rains and flooding have swept over southern Dominican Republic since late April.  Torrential downpours have engorged rivers, triggered landslides and wiped away crops, roads and buildings, which have hampered emergency relief operations in some areas. Major water pipes have been damaged, limiting access to safe water and raising the risk of waterborne diseases. ",10
9173,"Under international human rights law, quarantines should be imposed only in accordance with the law, should be demonstrated to be necessary to contain the virus, and be the least intrusive possible. Human Rights Watch noted that quarantines imposed during the 2014-2016 epidemic in West Africa did not always meet these standards, as they were often not based on scientific evidence, were applied arbitrarily, and were overly broad in their application.",4
5100,"Additionally, since 1 January, 3 cases of looting or attempted looting have been reported against  humanitarian convoys in the Sud region. In some instances, it was reported to OCHA that humanitarian actors may be directly targeted by looters who explicitly ask drivers whether the goods transported  belong to a private company or an NGO before looting them.  ",6
7946," Farmers in Zimbabwe, emerging from the region’s worst drought in at least two decades, are being threatened with a second year of losses as heavy rains damage corn and tobacco crops. ",5
9222,"According to a statement released by HDP at the start of this year, 8,711 members and supporters of their party have been detained and 2,705 have been arrested since July 2015, when the peace process between Ankara and the PKK fell apart and the conflict renewed. Dozens of mayors and city officials are among the detainees.",9
4024,"Kenya’s recent elections were marred by violence and serious human rights abuses, especially in opposition strongholds in Nairobi, Nyanza, western Kenya, and the Coast. The violence, documented in August by Human Rights Watch and other human rights organizations in Kenya, included patterns of police use of excessive force against protestors, killings, beatings and maiming of individuals, looting and destruction of property. There were also attacks on civil society organizations and human rights defenders, journalists, judicial officials and suppression of freedom of expression.",9
10657,"On 12 December 2017, the monitored Low Pressure Area east of Hinatuan, Surigao del Sur has developed into a Tropical Depression and was named “Urduja” (international name: Kai-tak). It exited Philippine Area of Responsibility (PAR) on 19 December 2017.444,607 families or 1,861,252 persons are affected in 2,583 barangays in Regions V, VI, VII, VIII, MIMAROPA and CARAGA (see Table 1; details in Annex A).A total of 93,429 families or 418,118 persons stayed in 1,745 evacuation centers in Regions MIMAROPA, V, VIII, and CARAGA (see Table 2; details in Annex B).There were 87,680 families or 372,171 persons stayed with families / friends in Regions V, VI, VII and VIII (see Table 3)At present, 4,162 houses were totally damaged and 26,608 were partially damaged by the onslaught of TS Urduja in Regions V, VIII and CARAGA (see Table 5).",10
7311,"Clashes between government troops and the Kachin Independence Army (KIA) around a village in Mogaung Township, Kachin State, have sent more than 800 people fleeing to the nearby town of Namti, in the latest bout of fighting to affect the region.  The village in question, Kasung, is located about 13 miles from Namti town.  Dr. Samson Khalam, the general-secretary of the Kachin Baptist Convention (KBC), told DVB that local villagers from Kasung fled to Namti town as their village was hit with artillery fire.  “We have accommodated 770 locals from Kasung village at three different sites in Namti including the Catholic Church and KBC church. A batch of [an additional] 178 displaced people arrived to Namti yesterday. They fled their homes in fear of shelling and airstrikes,” said Khalam.  The latest displacement comes as part of a broader intensification of hostilities between government troops and the KIA.",10
7029,"Dengue cases have doubled in the division from the previous year – 1,679 cases from January 1 to July 10 compared to about 800 cases in total the prior year.Most of the victims are children under 15,",4
4459,"Virtually all of Raqqa’s residents—some 300,000 people—fled prior to or during the battle. Outside the empty city, its residents now wait to return to their homes—in displacement camps, in the houses of relatives, or crowded into rented rooms. Many do not know if they have anything left to go back to, said one Syrian journalist who has been visiting the displacement camps.  “Displaced people are torn up about the destruction of their city and their homes,” journalist Abood Hamam told Syria Direct from the Raqqa countryside. “I saw some people sleeping out in the open with their belongings, especially the most recent arrivals.”",10
11380,"A child dies every 10 minutes of preventable disease (diarrhoea, breathing infections and malnutrition) in Yemen26% of suspected cholera cases are children under 5 and 56% children under 18. 26% of suspected cholera cases are children under 5 and 56% children under 18",4
11972,"The effective denial of citizenship for the Rohingya—who are not recognized on the official list of 135 ethnic groups eligible for full citizenship under the 1982 Citizenship Law—has facilitated enduring rights abuses, including restrictions on movement; limitations on access to health care, livelihood, shelter, and education; arbitrary arrests and detention; and forced labor. Travel is severely constrained by authorization requirements, security checkpoints, curfews, and strict control of IDP camp access. Such barriers compound the health crisis caused by poor living conditions, severe overcrowding, and limited health facilities.  The government refuses to use the term Rohingya, which the group self-identifies as but is rejected by nationalist Buddhists in favor of the term “Bengali,” which implies illegal migrant status in Burma. Aung San Suu Kyi refers to the group as the “Muslim Community in Rakhine State,” and has requested that international stakeholders, including the United States, European Union, and United Nations, follow suit. ",9
3799,"The Lai Châu Steering Committee Office for Disaster Prevention and Rescue on Monday announced that the prolonged heavy rainfall, lasting from June 27 to 2pm July 3, severely disrupted transportation and caused losses to residents.  Flooding following the downpour washed away a bridge over the N?m Chà spring, isolating N?m Nhùn and M??ng Tè districts.  A landslide on provincial roads 127 and 129 temporarily halted the flow of traffic between the centre of N?m Nhùn District and its communes of N?m Chà and M??ng Mô.  The landslide also caused soil and rocks to fall on residents’ houses in N?m Nhùn, Tam ???ng and M??ng Tè districts, forcing authorities to urgently evacuate affected households to safe areas, according to the Lai Châu disaster committee.  Heavy rain also washed away another 17 dykes, irrigation and canal structures, while a large area of paddy and vegetable fields were submerged.",10
7755,"However, it is estimated that there are approximately 5,000 houses damaged, 30 deaths and some 300 injured. 120 schools are estimated to be damaged.",2
7056,Djibouti is the least developed and most food deficit country in the Horn of Africa. The country has some of the worst social indicators in the world,5
8669,"An armed attack on 2 February on a village in Beni territory forced 4,600 people – almost the village’s entire population – to flee for safety. The attackers, suspected to be members of the ADF armed group, looted the local health centre and reportedly killed six patients and abducted eight others. Armed attacks occur almost every day in North Kivu province, which encompasses Beni.",2
2032,"“This weekend there were very heavy storms in parts of Idlib, and a lot of the tents in the camps where people have fled to were either blown down or flooded,” Alun McDonald of Save the Children wrote in an email to IRIN.",10
2238,"The invasion of pests have destroyed over 17,000 hectares of food and cash crops in Tanzania's eastern district of Kilosa, authorities said on Sunday.Tatu Kachenje, an agricultural officer in Kilosa District, said in an interview that pests, such as fall armyworms, rats and quelea birds, have mostly attacked maize, rice and cotton farms in the district.",1
11964,"By end of the 2nd Quarter 2014, and out of the 109 reported public hospitals [MoH and MoHE], 45% (49) were reported fully functioning, 33% (36) were reported partially functioning (i.e., shortage of staff, equipment, medicines and damage of the building in some cases), and 22% (24) were reported nonfunctioning (completely out of services). The hospitals reported partially functioning or non-functioning are in 12 out of a total 14 governorates (86% of governorates), compared to 10 governorates on the 1st Quarter 2014. All public hospitals in Tartous (6) and Quneitra (1) governorates were reported fully functioning. Average of population per functioning public hospital [MoH & MoHE] has been analyzed; key identified gaps are in five governorates (Idleb, Aleppo, Al-Hasakeh, Rural Damascus, and Hama).",4
1458,"After enduring three years of war, hunger and disease, Yemenis could now be at heightened risk of catching malaria due to a collapsing health care system, aid agencies said on Thursday.  The World Health Organization (WHO) estimated that malaria cases rose in 2016 to 433,000 from 336,000 the year before.  Poor access to healthcare, clean water and sanitation put more people at risk of the life-threatening disease, according to aid agencies. ",4
6127,"Situation in Ein Issa camp in north-east Syria should be re-assessed as the camp has 16,000 people (300% increase of its initial capacity).",10
8861,"To avoid complying with their basic obligations under refugee law to provide protection and assistance for tens of thousands of Nigerians seeking asylum in Cameroon, the authorities have refused to allow UNHCR to register their asylum claims and to process them for refugee protection in the border areas or, except in a few exceptional cases, to arrange for their transfer to Minawao where UNHCR can register them.As of mid-2017, UNHCR had only been given sporadic access to some border communities to carry out basic pre-registration procedures, likely leaving tens of thousands of asylum seekers without access to protection and putting them at risk of unlawful forced return.",9
2988,"A former Islamic State stronghold in Syria’s northern Aleppo province is now facing a public health crisis “beyond the city’s capabilities,” sources on the ground tell Syria Direct, as dozens of residents are contracting typhoid fever daily as a result of contaminated water.   ",11
6333,People have resorted to buying water from private water sellers who get their supplies from the water factories or rivers. But most of the water supplies in Kathmandu are contaminated.  ,11
4305," Except Betioky and Tsihombe districts, severe food insecurity rates decreased significantly compared with both the situation in March 2016 and August 2016. The national IPC exercise to be conducted in June 2017 will inform on the effective humanitarian situation. ",3
3449,"Australian Red Cross has launched an emergency appeal to help those affected by violence in northern Rakhine, Myanmar. In Myanmar, we are providing first aid and medical supplies, distributing food, drinking water, hygiene kits and other essentials. In Bangladesh we are offering medical care through an emergency hospital and mobile medical teams, as well as emergency shelter, toilets, food and safe drinking water. We are also providing personal and social support, including safe spaces for women and children, as well as reconnecting families who became separated as they fled. ",11
1822,"According to a press freedom index compiled by the Paris-based Reporters Without Borders (RSF) last year, Egypt ranked 159 out of 180 countries. The RSF also labeled Sisi a “press freedom predator,” listing him among 35 presidents, political and religious leaders, militias and criminal organizations that censor, imprison, torture and murder journalists around the world. ",9
6043,The incident occurred in Faa'a as Tahiti is again being hit by floods which have closed some roads and inundated shops.,6
4637,"The main problem Dr. Kalub is currently dealing with is the shortage of specialist physicians for treating the large number of injured demonstrators arriving at the same time. In the entire Gaza Strip there are only ten vascular surgery specialists, and only seven of them have the expertise required to treat complex cases. Three of them work at the European Hospitals. When 10-15 injured demonstrators arrive at the hospital at the same time, the small staff cannot treat them as fast as their condition requires. On Fridays when the demonstrations take place, each of the doctors worked no less than 24 consecutive hours.",4
3544,"No nutritionrelated challenges were reported, however, only one out of six health facilities in Shattai locality is functional and is not fully staffed. This health facility provides maternal and child health care through the provision of immunization and reproductive health services. Patients are normally referred to health facilities in Kass town—more than 70km away from the town. ",4
4401,"Low commercial imports contribute to high prices and shortages, hindering access to basic items and services",5
3273,"UNOPS calls for support in rebuilding homes in GazaIn Gaza, many families continue to live in temporary shelters.  ??'Currently 29,000 people in Gaza have no home,' said Nick O'Regan, Director of UNOPS Infrastructure team and former head of the organization's office in Gaza, citing figures from the Shelter Clust?er.?",10
64,"In Hawiga, Kirkuk, responses to an ongoing UNICEF and government education needs assessment have indicated that priority needs are school supplies, rehabilitation/expansion of learning facilities, and psychosocial support for children and teachers.",1
153,"The BJD on Thursday demanded eviction of about 40,000 Rohingya Muslims from the country on the grounds that they have been radicalised. The BJD leader in the Lok Sabha Bhartruhari Mahatab claimed that the Rohingya Muslims in Jammu and Kashmir have been radicalised by the terror outfit ISIS and are behind terror attacks in various parts of the country.",9
99,"From November, temperatures typically plummet in Syria and as many as 1 in 3 child deaths could be caused by respiratory illnesses such as pneumonia – up from 1 in 10 before the crisis began.",4
81,"Thirteen out of the total of 67 officials allegedly on the payroll of the powerful MS13 gang were high-ranking members of the police, La Prensa reported based on official information from a joint investigation by Honduras, the United States and Colombia. Among the accused are a general, two general commissioners and four sub-commissioners. The same joint investigation also alleged that dozens of police officers trafficked hundreds of firearms to the gangs between 2012 and 2016. The officers were reportedly involved in extortion, murder, bank robberies, auto theft, kidnapping and drug trafficking. The joint investigation also unearthed a network of 28 officials who would allegedly delete gang members' records and provide them with driving licenses bearing fake names for prices ranging between 10,000 and 14,000 Lempiras (equivalent to between roughly $420 and $630). ",9
2436,"The capacity of the health system to respond to these needs is limited, and vaccination coverage is well below target which raises serious concerns about the health of mothers and children.",4
9878,"18.8 million people in Yemen are in need of humanitarian aid and almost 14.8 million people lack access to health care services. As of the reporting period, at least 274 health facilities have been damaged or destroyed as a result of the conflict, 13 health workers killed and 31 injured.",4
8256,"Severe drought is affecting the Chuquisaca, Cochabamba, Potosí, Santa Cruz and Tarija departments. Clean water is an urgent need for families and their farming – authorities estimate that 15,600 heads of cattle and 33,500 hectares of farmland are at risk. Authorities have declared a state of emergency for 51 municipalities and are mobilizing water tanks, food and cattle feed. 98,500 people affected ",11
6547,"Faced with longer droughts and growing water demand, the Zambian government has introduced fees on groundwater use.  Under a new executive order that came into effect in March, owners of domestic boreholes are for the first time required to pay a one-off fee of 250 kwacha ($25) to have their well licensed.  There will be no monthly or annual fees for domestic water users, but those who consume more than 10,000 litres per day will be charged a commercial fee of 5 kwacha for each additional 30 cubic metres they extract, according to the government-run Water Resource Management Authority (WARMA). ",11
6233,"Difficulty in reaching nomadic pastoralists who are dispersed, highly mobile and at high risk of contracting AWD due to the lack of access to safe water and sanitation.",11
3115,"The coordinator pointed out that there is a lack of teachers and schools in the camp. There are approximately 1,011 pupils in Sortony who cannot enjoy education. “Classrooms are overcrowded with children, as there are about 5,461 children in some 30 classrooms in the basic school stage.”All teachers in the camp number about 60 and these are all volunteers, the coordinator said.",2
426,"Forecasted agricultural output in Niger appears promising for the 2017 season, with preliminary results projecting that nationwide domestic production will increase by 14 percent compared to the previous five-year average, according to FEWS NET. Despite the general positive trend in Niger, insecurity continues to disrupt livelihood activities and limit humanitarian access in parts of Niger’s conflict-affected Diffa Region where food insecurity remains prevalent. An assessment by local authorities recorded a 50 percent decline in cereal output across 68 percent of the 606 villages in 4 Diffa’s southern areas during the 2017 farming season, according to the UN. In addition, the fodder deficit is likely to surpass 2 million metric tons in the region, affecting more than 60 percent of livestock herds in Diffa.",3
8296,"Lac region has only 10 doctors. Global Acute Malnutrition in this region now stands at 12.2%, while severe acute malnutrition is 2.1%, which is above the emergency threshold",4
983,"The number of victims from mines and explosive remnants of war (ERW) has risen by 58% in Myanmar, according to the Mine Risk Working Group. The risk of accidents is heightened for those living in rural areas and in poverty.",9
588,"800,000 people are in Stressed (IPC Phase 2) and 2.6 million are in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) and in need of urgent humanitarian assistance. KFSSG indicated that the Stressed (IPC Phase 2) population is likely to move to Crisis (IPC Phase 3) over the next few months",3
5537,"Since the 2012 political and security crisis in Mali, violence and instability have led to displacements of population and disruption of social services in the north of the country, with detrimental impact on the nutritional status of the most vulnerable girls and boys. Other factors, such as limited access to water and sanitation in northern areas and childhood diseases like diarrhea, acute respiratory infections and malaria, have aggravated the situation.",9
4119,Drinking water distribution is immediately needed in affected districts with a contingent financial support to districts. ,11
10140,"1.68 million people were affected by the flood in 19 Terai districts. Around 455,000 people were displaced, 63,000 houses were fully damaged and 118,000 houses were partially damaged (see Annex 3). 40 VDCs are still not accessible by vehicle. It is estimated that more than 1.16 million people are food insecure in the affected areas and 305,000 people need food assistance on a priority basis. In priority one areas, there are approximately 203,700 children under five years of age and 90,500 pregnant or lactating women",3
7959,"1,378 persons (including 344 women and 724 children) are internally displaced with an increased demand for education and health services in host communities. ",4
7203,ments of 3RP regional sectoral indicators on the humanitarian and resilience responses of more than 240 p,10
103,"30% of the Yemeni population are dependent on government salaries and pensions, 35% of these dependents were already food insecure before the crisis",3
9401,"(cid:1) Livelihood activities were temporarily stopped, particularly fishing and farming. (cid:1) According to the Municipal Agriculture Officer, an estimated 1,057.06 hectares were damaged for the rice and corn with an estimated value of 6.2 million pesos. IDPs received food packs from Municipal Mayor but in limited amounts. IDPs also received food assistance from Alliance Church, but only 30 families were catered due to their limited source.",5
4040, The Ministry of Public Health and Population of Yemen has recorded an additional 13 912 cholera cases in the country between 3 and 6 June 2017. A cumulative total of 96 219 suspected cases of cholera and 746 associated deaths have been reported across the country since the outbreak started in October 2016.,4
10485,"In May 2017, Human Rights Watch researchers visited two refugee settlements in northern Uganda and interviewed over 100 South Sudanese refugees who fled from the Kajo Keji and Pajok areas, south and southeast of Juba, between January and May of this year. Their accounts of serious violations at the hands of government soldiers match the wider patterns of violations observed since the government began to conduct counterinsurgency operations against opposition forces in the south and west of the country in late 2015Despite the signing in August 2015 of the Agreement for the Resolution of the Conflict in South Sudan (ARCSS), between the government and the armed opposition led by former vice-president Riek Machar, the Sudan People’s Liberation Movement/Army-in Opposition (the “IO”), attacks on civilians have now become commonplace in the previously stable southern and western regions of the country. Fighting between government forces and the IO in the capital Juba reignited in July 2016.",9
10887,"Rise of water levels in the various rivers in the northern part of the country due to heavy rainfalls as well as water flow from the upstream hills in India have led to the inundation of the river basin areas in the northern parts of Bangladesh. After the devastating flood of July, second time monsoon flood started on 12 August affecting 22 districts named Dinajpur, Nilphamari, Lalmonirhat, Thakurgaon, Kurigram, Panchagarh, Gaibandha, Sirajganj, Jamalpur, Bogra, Rajbari, Faridpur, Netrokona, Brahmanbaria, Rangpur, Joypurhat, Mymensing, Sunamganj, Sylhet, Khagrachhari, Jessore and Rangamati. Rising water overflow and breeched embankment in many places. It disrupted people’s normal life. 777 union of 122 upazilas under 22 districts are affected and 5002 villages affected. Total 3,326,864 people of 870,052 households affected, 47,875 houses fully and 137,277 houses partially damaged. Total 54 people died. 558,149 hectare agricultural land inundated, 3529 educational institution closed, 1155 km road, 47 bridge and 153 km of embankment damaged.",10
9325,"Health organizations recorded more than 380 cases of acute diarrhea—including at least five related deaths—in Dayr az Zawr between March 10 and May 23, the UN World Health Organization (WHO) reports. WHO continues to investigate the cause of the cases, as 14 of 18 samples tested positive for E. coli; to date, no cases have tested positive for cholera",4
11331,"Refugees and asylum seekers held at Australia's immigration detention centre on Papua New Guinea's Manus Island have been told water, food and power will be cut at the end of the month.",11
1398,"During the weekend, military operations led by Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) resumed, opening a new front in the north west of Mosul city. The ISF have continue to advance, attempting to close up their encirclement of the Old City, estimated by the UN to host a minimum 200 000 people. Humanitarian conditions of civilians trapped in the Old City worsen by the day. Those injured do not have access to appropriate emergency medical care. Coordinated efforts to protect and assist this civilian population, most at risk, are to be urgently prioritised.  The Government of Iraq records a total of 584 000 people displaced, as result of the Mosul military operation since October 2016. This represents an increase of over 192 000 people in one month. Still, approximately 50% of the population from newly retaken districts in West Mosul remain in their homes. ",2
8901,"The shelter situation remains worrying with 71% in the most-affected severely hit districts continuing to live in temporary shelters. While many have moved back into their own house, others have left their house to return to shelters often recognizing that they are unsafe. ",10
8794,"Mogadishu IDPs, priority needs (in % of the 840+ IDP sites): Food (26%), Shelter/NFI (21%), WASH (38%), Medical services (15%)",7
6174,Nine villagers kidnapped in South Darfur Nine people were kidnapped from a village in South Darfur. Carjackers in Central Darfur were intercepted by a military force on Monday.,9
7404," • Access to water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) and   health remains a challenge: An increase in cases of Acute Water y Diarrhea (AWD)/ Cholera has been repor ted since Januar y 2018 with 2,672 cases and 13 deaths being recorded cumulatively so far. The upsurge in cholera is attr ibuted to scarcity of clean water. The most affected areas include Banadir, Hiraan, Lower Juba and Middle Shabelle .",11
8635,"• As can be seen on the map (left), there was an unprecedented spike in conflict activity in Duma between 3 and 8 April, following an offensive on Eastern Ghouta that began on 18 February. Since then, there has been mass displacement out of the whole of Eastern Ghouta to northwestern Syria. Since 9 March, approximately 150,000 individuals have reportedly been displaced.9 During this time, over 90,000 people have been displaced to IDP sites in neighbouring communities, while around 80,000 others have been evacuated to opposition areas in Idleb and northern rural Aleppo in northwestern Syria.10 The primary needs of these individuals have been identified by the IDP Situation Monitoring Initiative (ISMI) as: shelter, food, non-food items (NFIs), and healthcare.11",10
10388,"More than two million conflict IDPs and one million returnees; and about 18,000 disaster IDPs and 55,000 returnees as of November 2016",9
5176,"Compounding issues related to adequate healthcare are lack of access to safe water, as well as sanitation and hygiene services. Diarrhoea and pneumonia are the two main causes of death amongst under-five children in DPRK. Diarrhoea is mainly caused by lack of safe potable water, poor sanitation and hygiene practices, and is also a contributing factor for childhood pneumonia and malnutrition. According to an assessment in 2013-2014, an estimated 11 per cent of population (2.7 million people) do not have access to piped water supply. Furthermore, 50 per cent of piped water has limited functionality due to insufficient and erratic power supply and underinvestment in maintenance. Water supply systems in most parts of the country are not fully functional, compromising the quality and quantity of water. Thus at least 13.7 million people have limited access to a safe and readily available water source. This situation and the associated health risks are compounded by the high percentage, about 23 per cent of the population, that do not have access to basic sanitation.",4
5925,"Around 7,300 refugees, asylum-seekers and migrants seeking were counted in Serbia, of which 5,942 (i.e.  82%) were accommodated in 16 government shelters, many exceeding capacities (see below chart).",6
4596,"A recent spike at the beginning of 2017 saw over 4,500 refugees crossing the Eritrea-Ethiopia border and in urgent need of humanitarian assistance.As 150–200 refugees arrive daily at the Endabaguna screening centre, IOM will continue to work in close coordination with ARRA, UNHCR and partners to ensure refugees are supported with transport to safely reach the refugee camps.",3
11410,"The Ministry of Health and the Ministry of Livestock and Fisheries has declared a Rift Valley fever (RVF) outbreak today (12 March) in Yirol East, Yirol West and Awerial Counties of Eastern Lakes State.The RVF outbreak was first suspected in December 2017, following three deaths in humans with a history of severe hemorrhagic illness in Thonabutkok village, Yali Payam, Yirol East County, Eastern Lakes State. The initial case dated back to 7 December 2017. Abortions in goats and sheep; deaths/disease in goats and cows were also reported and epidemiologically linked to the human cases.Laboratory tests conducted by the Uganda Virus Research Institute (UVRI) confirmed that six human blood samples out of 34 collected were positive for Rift Valley fever. Also, one of the initial seven animal samples tested at UVRI was positive for Rift Valley Fever. Furthermore, 8 out of 21 samples collected from animals tested positive for RVF at the World Organization for Animal Health (OIE) reference laboratory in South Africa.",4
3237,"Thousands of internally displaced persons (IDPs) continue to flee west Mosul daily. About 7,500 IDPs reportedly arrived at Hammam Al-Alil screening site, 25 km south of Mosul, on 12 April. IDPs undergo a final security clearance in Hammam Al-Alil before proceeding onwards to camps or urban locations. Most of the displaced families choose to be transferred to east Mosul, where they either join relatives, rent accommodation, or occupy empty buildings. IDPs interviewed by UNHCR’s partner reported that the volatile security situation in west Mosul and the lack of services, including potable water, pushed them to leave the city. According to the government, 297,000 persons have been displaced from west Mosul since military operations to retake the west bank of the city began on 19 February.",10
2894,"Since the declaration of the State of Emergency in the northern states of Nigeria (Adamawa, Borno and Yobe) in May 2013 and the first Boko Haram attacks in south-eastern Niger in February 2015, the country has been facing unprecedented humanitarian challenges. In addition to chronic food insecurity, malnutrition, epidemic and floods, Niger has had to cope with the arrival of thousands of Nigerian refugees in the Diffa region and internal displacement of people fleeing Boko Haram raids and attacks on their villages. Displacements have exacerbated the already fragile livelihoods of host communities who are among some of the poorest of the country. ",5
3395,"Nutrition:The outcome of the protracted drought, now in its fourth year, in Ethiopia continues to affect many households, mainly in the Somali, SNNP, Oromia and Afar regions. Severe acute malnutrition (SAM) and food insecurity remain real threats to the regions that have been affected by drought, further compounded by conflict displacement (especially along the Oromia and Somali regional border). Consequently, there is an ongoing need for the delivery of integrated nutrition services.The latest analysis of nutrition response data for the month of January 2018 indicates that a total of 24,930 Ethiopian children were admitted for the treatment of SAM, of whom 2,017 received inpatient care for medical complications and subsequent transfer to outpatient treatment. The 24,930 cases admitted for treatment of SAM represents a slight decrease (14.3 per cent) in admissions compared to December 2017, when 29,078 admissions were reported. The decrease can be partially explained by a decrease in the reporting rate (86 per cent in January 2018 compared to 92 per cent in December 2017) from the two large regions of Amhara and Oromia.",8
2654,"A day after reaching safety aboard a humanitarian ship, migrants on Friday told of arbitrary detention, slavery and beatings in Libya as Europe seeks to build up the Tripoli-based coastguard. ",9
8991,This conflict that is taking place some 140 km north of Bunia broke out on 19 March. 550 houses and two schools have been burnt down in Lodjo and Tchulu.,10
7057,"Shortages of cooking gas and diesel fuel are expected to disrupt bread production in bakeries and households cooking capacity across Gaza. Yesterday, 12 May, the Palestinian Petroleum Authority ordered cooking gas stations to halt supply in order to rationalize the distribution of available stocks. The availability of animal fodder and eggs are also expected to be affected by a prolonged closure of Kerem Shalom.",3
11302,"The national attack rate is 274.41 per 10,000. The five governorates with the highest cumulative attack rates per 10,000 are Amran (666), Al Mahwit (611), Al Dhale’e (580), Abyan (466) and Sanaa (392). In September, the districts with higher numbers of deaths are Al qafr (4), As Sabrah (4), Hazm al Udayn(3) and Hubaysh(3).",4
1557,"Civilian movement was extremely limited due to the high intensity of bombardment. This reportedly impaired people’s ability to access basic services due to extensive damage to hospitals and schools; markets, including food and fuel; and sufficient amounts of water.",3
5820,"Afghanistan attack targets Kabul classroom with 600 children insideEleven students were injured when an attacker detonated explosives in a classroom in Kabul on Sunday. 'As inhumane as this cowardly attack is, we continue to see similar attacks on schools. Afghanistan's children are becoming innocent victims of the escalating conflict,' said NRC's country director in Afghanistan, Christopher Nyamandi.  The explosion occurred on the private-run Kawsar school in Afghanistan's capital city of Kabul on Sunday morning. Around 15,000 girls and boys currently study at the school. The Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) is present in the same area supporting displaced Afghans.  'The attacker was wearing an explosive vest and was carrying hand grenades. Before exploding his explosive vest, he tried to hurl a hand grenade from the door step of a classroom but the grenade went off in his hand and killed him,' said Hussain Ali Sultanfar, a teacher at the school. 'When the students heard the sound of the explosion, everyone ran away, and some of the students got injured escaping the scene. This was one of our special classes with 600 students in class,' Ali added.  Although no group has accepted responsibility for the attack, three months ago the Islamic State group claimed responsibility of an attack on a Shia cultural and religious school some five kilometers away from yesterday's attack.  'Whoever these are, they can't stop us from learning and promoting education in the county, however should attacks such as this continue, parents may withdraw their children from our famous education center,' Ali said.  International Humanitarian Law forbids attacks on educational institutions by armed groups or military forces. Educational facilities must be protected in armed conflict in the same way as healthcare facilities. ",2
8230,"At least 3,196 pit latrines in Bor town in South Sudan’s Jonglei have collapsed due to floods and heavy rains since the beginning of October, a health official said.  John Makuei, the director of public health in Bor municipal council, told Radio Tamazuj on Saturday that the affected families now defecate in the open, raising concerns about water-borne diseases.  He added that some affected areas are still under stagnant water because there are no water channels to drain off the water.  John revealed that his office had requested for water guards and digging of latrines from its health partners.  ",11
6389,"Children are facing grave risks such as trafficking, recruitment by armed groups and organised criminal gangs and disease as they cross the Venezuelan border into Colombia seeking a new life, Save the Children is warning.Save the Children’s child protection coordinator in Colombia, Jenny Gallego, said children entering the country alone or even accompanied through areas populated by armed groups and drug gangs, were at particular risk of kidnapping and exploitation.“These children who cross at illegal entry points are crossing a virtual minefield as they navigate their way to populated areas, and it’s likely that thousands are falling through the cracks,” she said.“Their total invisibility to support services and government agencies leaves them incredibly vulnerable to those who seek to exploit and abuse them, such as traffickers or recruiters for armed groups and organised criminal gangs.”",9
3994,"The country's poor often send their children to one of the thousands of religious madrassas (the Arabic word for school) where students live and receive Islamic instruction.  Most operate without government oversight and some madrassas have been criticized for their hardline teachings of Islam.  The madrassas say they provide shelter, three full meals, and a good education to young people whose families are unable to make ends meet.",2
7807,"Honduras-between 100,000 and 500,000 IPC Phase 2, less than 100,000 IPC Phase 3 in October, worse than October 2016",3
8382,"Further complicating the situation, Ghouta was under a fierce bombardment this week, as there were reports of napalm being used in civilian areas, which is prohibited by international law.",9
5856,Government officials are expressing shock and disappointment over the decision by teachers at Luwani Refugee Camp in Neno to send back from school Mozambican refugee children.,2
2,"Meteorological forecasts indicate normal to below normal Gu rains (March to May), particularly in the majority of Somali region, which may result in a deepening of the drought. In Somali region, the Gu rains are important for the availability of water and pasture and contribute 50 to 70 per cent of the annual rainfall. In Southern Nations, Nationalities and People’s (SNNP) region, some rain was received in the highland areas but not enough so far to have a positive impact on the situation; while no rains were received in the lowland areas. ",3
920,"In the summer, Myanmar’s rural areas face water shortages almost every year. Government assistance and private donations help ease the strain, but they aren’t enough. According to the 2014 census, only 61 percent of rural areas have access to clean drinking water.",11
10876,"The overall risk of further spread at the national level is high, at the regional level is moderate due to frequent flights to neighbouring Indian Ocean islands, and at the global level is low.",4
2089,"Confirming the development, Dedza district disaster officer said families are now hiding in classes and churches.",10
9133,"The food security and nutrition situation are deteriorating in Chad. The latest Integrated Food Security Phase Classification (IPC, March 2018) reports that 624,000 people (including approximately 356,000 children) will need food assistance and nutritional support for the period of March-May 2018. An estimated 990,000 people (564,000 children) in 19 departments in crisis phase (mostly in the Sahel belt) will require assistance from June to August 2018.",8
2524,"An Acute Watery Diarrhoea (AWD) outbreak in Sudan has killed 800 people since a year ago, according to the latest update from WHO and the Sudanese ministry of health. The total number of reported AWD cases across 18 states of Sudan has reached over 35,000—including 800 related deaths since August 2016,' said the UNOCHA Sudan in its latest bimonthly bulletin.  OCHA further stressed that 'Active transmission of AWD is ongoing' in all the country except, in the West Kordofan and Northern states.  Supporting the government point of view, the UN agency said: 'the source of infection is believed to be contaminated open water sources combined with poor sanitation and hygiene practices'.",4
3796,"In addition to the personal losses of homes and crops, more than 716 schools, numerous health facilities, and the existing sanitation infrastructure all suffered damage. ",4
11604,"On April 20, 2017, fifteen International Medical Corps staff members holding valid Turkish work permits were detained by Turkish authorities in Gaziantep. On April 25, four of the staff were deported back to their respective countries, but the remaining 11 staff – all Syrian nationals – remain in detention. ",9
11377,"In the first two months of this year, Honduras has received 4,676 of its citizens back from Mexico.  “What we believe here, in Honduras, is that those are people are not making it to the border with the United States because Mexico is detaining all these Honduran people and sending them back to Honduras,” she said.  Mendez said Mexico seems to be cracking down even on minors.  She said so far this year, more than 2,900 children and teenagers were deported back to Honduras from Mexico. Last year, it was 3,000 for the entire year.",9
11394,"In total, the number of people it is estimated that 5.9 million people are in food crisis and accelerated depletion of livelihood assets (phases 3 and 4) in areas that have been classified.  ",3
11633,"Newspaper reports saying though the flood situation in the northern districts improved yesterday, it’s not only wiped out people’s residence, but also the crops of subsistence farmers, stressing their recovery and livelihood (Agriculture is dominant livelihood in all affected areas) in the longer run.",0
2723,"Since 22 May, there has been a rising civilian casualty toll as a result of indiscriminate shelling of residential areas; reportedly at least five civilians have been killed including one boy and one girl and 11 have been injured including four boys. Damages to homes, livelihoods and other civilian infrastructure have been documented. Displacement is still at a small-scale, with most families settling with host families and relatives, for example according to local partners on 28 May 124 households (780 individuals) were newly displaced to Martuba and are staying with relatives.",10
7900,"Nationally, 1.6 million people are severely food insecure, which represents a 1.2 percent increase from the previous year. Another 7.3 million are moderately food insecure, in a situation where they cannot sustainably cope with shocks and are resorting to asset depleting strategies in order to cater to their needs.",3
2840,"Two weeks complete Buenaventura between the water crisis by drought and the closing of the streets by its inhabitants in the absence of liquid in their homes. The blockade has appeared on the access and exit routes of the Port that directly affects the mobility of goods entering and leaving the country.The drought situation occurs on the basin of the Escalerete river, the only source of the city's aqueduct which also covers only 74% of the population with an average of three hours a day.",11
1916,dead 136 injured 162 houses damaged or destroyed 412 ,10
5318,"food security remains a challenge, especially in the deprived three northern regions. Northern, Upper East and Upper West together make up 70 percent of the poor at the national level. Food insecurity rates in these regions range from 20 percent to 37 percent of the population (Comprehensive Food Security and Vulnerability Analysis 2012). Over 45 percent of the population still lives on less than USD 1.25 per day. Stunting rates in Northern, Upper East and Upper West regions are 33.1, 14.4 and 22.2 percent respectively. High food prices and marked disparities in national wealth have increased communities’ vulnerability to further food insecurity and malnutrition.",8
6656,"Zimbabwe's fuel is the most expensive in southern Africa despite government introducing its controversial mandatory blending policy which forces fuel companies to mix unleaded petrol with ethanol as part of reducing the import bill.  In a paper on the prices of fuel, the Zimbabwe Energy Council (Zec) noted that the country’s commodity was overly priced even compared to other land locked countries whose transport costs and levies were much higher.",5
5482,"Reiterating its grave concern at the outbreaks of cholera in Haiti, which have affected more than 800,000 people and resulted in over 9,000 deaths,",4
4683,"A video has surfaced online of officers of the Nigerian Army torturing men believed to be members of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) in Aba, Abia state.In the three-minute clip, a flag of Biafra could be seen on the ground in front of the men who laid face down. They were eventually flogged and forced to drink and sleep inside dirty water. This happens amid the three-day curfew enforced by Governor Okezie Ikpeazu in the commercial city. The state government said the curfew starts from 6pm to 6am on Tuesday and ends on Thursday. However, latest reports say it has been extended till Friday. The tension is not unconnected to the current face-off between IPOB members and men of the Nigerian Army. Recall that soldiers allegedly besieged the Umuahia residence of the IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu. ",9
9629,"Since 2015, Eritrea has experienced drought conditions caused by El Niño that further undermined household food and livelihood security, particularly for women and children, and contributed to a cholera outbreak across three of the country’s six regions. These dynamics have led to high levels of malnutrition among children under 5, pregnant women and lactating mothers, particularly in the lowland areas",1
9323," It is estimated that in 2017, more than 1.9 million people will be affected by at least one crisis, including food insecurity and malnutrition, population movement, epidemics and natural disasters.",1
2383,"Average national dam level as of April 4th was at 80.3 percent, up from 71.5 percent in February (Zimbabwe National Water Authority). This is a major improvement from the record low levels at the beginning of the season in October 2016, following consecutive years of drought. Livestock conditions are good and the water situation for livestock and other livelihood activities is also good across most parts of the country.",11
9631,"Brazil confirms 353 yellow fever cases, including 98 deaths.During the same period in the 2016-2017 outbreak, 509 cases were recorded, including 159 deaths.",4
8008,"Sweeping regional waters, Arab Coalition Forces command said Saudi royal navy joint forces detecting a number of maritime mines on Yemeni coasts near the Red Sea port of Midi. ",9
4614,"Increased food and consumer prices negatively impact the food consumption of vulnerable groups. Elderly people head 60 percent of rural households in areas where unemployment rates are high, making them dependent on pensions for income. Up to 35 percent of people aged 60 and older in non-government controlled areas are food insecure. In government controlled areas 21 percent are food insecure.",3
9719,"A powerful earthquake struck northeast Iran on Wednesday near the holy city of Mashhad, leaving at least one person dead and several injured.",10
6424,"Two members of the Group of Experts on the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which reports to the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1533 (2004), are reported missing in that country. The UN, including the UN peacekeeping operation in the DRC MONUSCO, are doing everything possible to locate the experts.",9
8260,"Finding accommodation and work is possible, but often inadequate Surveyed refugees, asylum-seekers, and migrants generally feel that people from their country are able to find living quarters and employment in Istanbul. However, apartments are often derelict and unsuitable for large families. Respondents consistently lament the high cost of living and discrimination by landlords against refugees, asylum-seekers, and migrants, particularly Syrians or those from other Arabic-speaking countries. Moreover, work is often informal, leaving many vulnerable to exploitation through low wages and long hours. Hence, despite the optimism around finding work and housing, respondents make frequent requests for help in finding suitable and affordable housing and accessing further livelihood support. Those facing language barriers or without documentation consider this support critical.",5
435,"Health officials have reported on a single case of Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever (CCHF) was confirmed in a young, 10-year-old shepherd (caring for 26 head of cattle) in Fatick District, Kamsaté, Senegal.",4
7958,"Banki, over 6k arrivals between 17-23 May, shelter, food, water and NFI need leading to a total IDP count of 44,396",10
5127,"One child was confirmed killed and four others were injured when two attacks hit near the al-Falah school in the Nihm district outside the capital, Sana’a.  Since the escalation of the conflict in March 2015, the United Nations verified that nearly 1,400 children were killed and over 2,140 were injured. The actual numbers are likely to be much higher. Nearly 2,000 schools in Yemen can no longer be used because they are destroyed, damaged, shelter displaced families or are being used for military purposes. ",1
4541,"Refugees are in urgent need of food, health and WASH services and NFIs. The majority of new arrivals were reported to be women, children and elderly persons with Shilluk ethnicity, with some Dinka who usually move onwards to other areas in Sudan, including Khartoum and White Nile. The mission identified 719 unaccompanied and separated children (UASC) among the new arrivals. Over 1,000 persons with special needs (PWSNs) have been identified, and vulnerability assessments are planned.",3
4660,"Under its State of Palestine Country Strategy Plan (2018-2022), WFP aims at providing food assistance through cash-based transfers (CBT), using an electronic food voucher (60 percent), and in-kind assistance (40 percent) to up to 314,000 people most affected by food insecurity in Palestine, primarily in Gaza and Area C in the West Bank where the prevalence of food insecurity is the highest.",3
6928,"Basic services and civilian infrastructure are widely lacking across Deir-ez-Zor city, and the wider governorate, particularly the areas previously affected by active hostilities. Priority humanitarian needs include health, WASH and protection services, particularly for persons with specific needs. In the eastern countryside of Deir-ez-Zor governorate under GoS control, returnees reported that medical services and pharmacies are unavailable. People have to travel to Deir-ez-Zor city to receive medical care and buy medicine. Despite high levels of pollution, the Euphrates river remains the only source of water for many towns in the governorate.",11
4272,"“Houthi-Saleh forces’ shelling of populated areas of Taizz has taken a terrible toll on civilians,” said Sarah Leah Whitson, Middle East director at Human Rights Watch. “Houthi-Saleh commanders should immediately halt these indiscriminate attacks, and Yemeni government forces should ensure that their own forces are not launching similarly unlawful attacks outside the city.”",9
4883,"Food security outcomes are likely most severe in Ta’izz, southern coastal areas of Al Hudaydah, and amongst IDP  populations. ",3
3051,"The forced evictions have impacted more than 3000 school children. Four schools were destroyed; a Child Friendly Space providing a protected area for children to enjoy activities, games and informal education was demolished; as was a space providing services to survivors of Gender-Based Violence. Many of the children living in the settlements saw the destruction by armed men and bulldozers firsthand, first losing their schools and shelters, books and belongings, and then contact with classmates and friends.",9
5514,"Twelve of the Palestinian communities at risk of expulsion in the West Bank live in the area of Khan al-Ahmar, east of Jerusalem, and have a total of about 1,400 residents. Residents of these communities have very few sources of income left, suffer a serious lack of health, education and welfare services, and live without basic infrastructure such as an electricity network, a sewage system and proper roads. One of these communities is known as the Khan al-Ahmar School community. Its members belong to the Jahalin Bedouin tribe, originally from Tel Arad in the Negev desert, from where they were expelled by the Israeli military in the 1950s",10
11076," 65 cases of dengue suspected and five cases confirmed by RDT (rapid dx test), as of 27 January.",4
2053,"Two civilians were killed on Aug. 29 in an attack staged by the outlawed Kurdistan Workers’ Party (PKK) in the Ç?nar district of the southeastern province of Diyarbak?r, Do?an News Agency has reported.",9
2274,"Eight people have died and seven remain missing after heavy rain hit parts of western and central China from last Sunday, the Ministry of Civil Affairs said Friday. As of 9 a.m. Friday heavy rain had forced the evacuation of 54,000 people in Chongqing Municipality and the provinces of Hubei, Sichuan and Shaanxi, the ministry said. More than 2,200 houses had collapsed and 12,000 were damaged due to the heavy rain. Direct economic losses are estimated at 1.95 billion yuan (293.2 million U.S. dollars).",10
6710,"The United Nations refugee agency is condemning an attack on its staffers in Central African Republic.  A spokesman in Geneva on Tuesday said armed men entered the agency's site in the northern town of Kaga Bandoro on Saturday and robbed six U.N. staffers.  The U.N. says the staffers were threatened at gunpoint. It says staffers have been relocated temporarily to the local base of the U.N. peacekeeping mission and some will be moved to the capital, Bangui.",9
1486,"The UN aid chief says Yemen could become the worst humanitarian disaster in 50 years. The war is having a devastating impact, with widespread food shortages and a major cholera outbreak.",4
10082,"Most of the newly arrived refugees have moved into makeshift settlements without adequate access to shelter, food, clean water, or latrines. Two of the main pre-existing settlements in Kutupalong and Balukhali have effectively merged into one densely populated mega-settlement of nearly 500,000 people, making it one of the largest refugee concentrations in the world",11
4461,"The Hon Minister of Health, Prof Isaac Adewole, confirms a case of Yellow Fever in a young girl in Oke Owa Community, Ifelodun Local Government Area of Kwara State. Laboratory diagnosis was carried out at the Lagos University Teaching Hospital and confirmed at the Institut Pasteur, Dakar, Senegal on the 12th of September 2017.",4
7520,"02 January 2017 - 28 August 2017: 70 cholera deaths recorded, CFR 1,3%",4
3245,Ukraine's national power company said on Tuesday it had cut electricity to parts of an eastern region controlled by pro-Russian separatists because they had run up large debts.,7
2224,"# children with protection needs identified and assessed: 80,655.",9
1854,"Ongoing military operations and insecurity in parts of Adamawa, Borno and Yobe states continue to hinder humanitarian access with an unspecified number of people cut off from assistance. Food insecurity is particularly severe in these areas. The Cadre Harmonisé food security analysis estimates that around 50,000 people in inaccessible locations are currently facing famine-like conditions (IPC 5).",3
5292,"A malaria outbreak has killed at least four people at a refugee camp in northwestern Kenya, according to local residents and health officials. Hundreds of people have come down with the infectious disease at the Kalobeyei refugee complex in Kenya's Turkana County. 'Already four to six people have died due to malaria,' Galama Guyo, a health care professional at Kalobeyei, told VOA's Horn of Africa service. 'Weekly, we report more than 200 malaria cases, especially people with low body resistance [immunity].' Health care providers do not have enough drugs to treat patients, and there is no major hospital in the area, so some patients have to travel to up to 30 kilometers for treatment, he said.",4
2282,"The protracted nature of Yemen’s conflict is having harrowing consequences for children. Children are used and recruited by armed groups at younger age, more girls are getting married before reaching 18, and airstrikes and armed violence continue to claim boys’ and girls’ lives. In August and September, the Country Task Force on Monitoring and Reporting (CTF MR) identified and documented cases of killing and maiming of children. At least 31 children were killed (20 boys, 11 girls) and 28 more were maimed (20 boys, 8 girls). Additionally, nine cases of recruitment and use of boys were verified.  ",9
4403,"22 communes in 6 departments partially flooded.8,015 houses affected including 2,646 badly damaged.6,494 persons in temporary shelters out of 12,539 evacuated",10
4606,"However, the proximity of communal latrines and the low water table of catchment areas increase risks of water contamination.A joint WHO/Bangladesh Department of Public Health research in the Kutupalong and Balukhali extension sites between September and November showed that more than 86 percent of water samples tested positive for E. coli bacteria.",11
10635,"Vulnerable families, like  female-headed households,  are particularly hard-hit by  the lack of employment  opportunities, causing them  to go increasingly into debt.  ",5
11032," Teachers and learners of Omeyantalala Combined School in the Okankolo Constituency are pleading with government to provide the school with clean drinking water. Currently water is fetched from villages nearly five kilometres from the school.  Although the school has a water tank, they only receive water every three months from the directorate of rural and water affairs in the Ministry of Agriculture, Water and Forestry.",11
2903,"Migrant returns from Libya have increased in recent months owing to worsening living conditions and other hardship. In February, more than 27,000 migrants crossed the border back into Niger - 22 times the number registered a year ago. With the influx of incoming migrants, testimonies of the existence of slave markets and some kinds of private prisons all over Libya have come to the surface, according to a report by IOM on 11 April. ",9
2972,"OCHA reported, as of the same date, that two hospitals have been damaged: Kermanshah's main hospital is running at a reduced capacity, whereas Sarpol-e Zahab hospital is closed. In Sarpol-e Zahab, half of the school facilities have collapsed. Reports indicate that 70 000 people are in need of emergency shelter, and 30% of the affected areas remain without power.",7
8210,"Early this morning, 7th July 2017 at 00:40, there was a power supply incident in Luhansk oblast affecting Government Controlled Areas (GCA), due to the damaged powerline by shelling. According to Luhansk civil-military administration, the Thermal Power Plant was shelled, resulting in 220 kV power line getting damaged. Initially the whole of Luhansk oblast Government Controlled Areas (GCA) was cut off from electricity, which stopping piped water supplies to GCA, and also stopped water pumped to the Karbonit system that serves towns in Non-Government Controlled Areas (NGCA).",7
6049,"• The re-intensification of hostilities on 4 May between the Iraqi Security Forces and the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) continues to have an impact on the humanitarian situation in western Mosul city. Many families fleeing newly retaken areas of western Mosul city to Hammam al Alil transit through the Badoush mustering point, northeast of Mosul city along the Syrian Highway, and the Yarmouk/Risala mustering point. At these mustering points, humanitarian partners are providing emergency assistance, including readyto-eat food, water, shading, sanitation facilities and medical services. ",4
6970,"At least 750,000 children are at imminent risk of being cut off from safe drinking water following a surge in fighting in eastern Ukraine, warned UNICEF today.  The recent escalation of hostilities has damaged vital water infrastructure. Approximately 400,000 people, which includes 104,000 children, had their drinking water cut off for four days this week after two filtration stations for the South Donbass Water pipeline were destroyed by shelling. Urgent repairs were completed yesterday evening. ",11
430,"PRL households across Lebanon live in severe poverty spanning several generations: 65 per cent of PRL live under the poverty line and 23 per cent are unemployed, a significant increase from the 2010 rate of 8 per cent.",3
6782,"Olua I/IIReproductive and maternal healthcare is inadequate in both health centers serving Olua. There are not enough midwives providing appropriate services for pregnant women and referrals to other facilities are infrequent. The supply of medicines at Lewa Health Center II, which serves both nationals and refugees, is reportedly insufficient to meet patient needs.  ",4
4338,"More than 1.634.000 people remain internally displaced across the three north eastern states of Adamawa, Borno and Yobe, of whom 83.5% are in Borno1. The reporting period witnessed a high level of movement, with a total of 16, 542 new arrivals, 3,068 departures and 201 transit movements recorded across 33 LGAs in Borno and Adamawa states. The main reasons for the returns are improved security and voluntary relocation, while new displacement is propelled by poor living conditions, fear of attack, ongoing conflict and military operations2.   On 23rd March, the Nigerian Government announced its intention to facilitate the return of IDPs from Maiduguri to Bama LGA. Bama currently has the largest number of displaced people (203,374) still outside of the LGA, and at the same time also hosts the highest number of IDPs (49,139 persons DTM Round XXI) of all Borno LGAs. The first voluntary returns exercise, supported by a government package of 10,000 Naira cash, a 50kg bag of rice, and a bag of maize flour per family, was scheduled for 2nd April. Humanitarian actors have emphasized the importance of ensuring that all returns processes take place in a safe, voluntary, and dignified manner, and take into consideration the capacity of state and other actors to meet the needs of returnees.   As of 31st March, 133 cases of Acute Watery Diarrhea (AWD) with 12 deaths (a case fatality rate of 9%) were reported in Bade and Yusufari LGAs of Yobe State. Laboratory tests confirmed the presence of cholera. WASH and health partners - including UNICEF, WHO, VCM, MSF Spain, State Ministry of Health (SMoH), State Primary Health Care Board (SPHCMB) and LGAs authorities - are responding in the affected areas. Meanwhile, the number of cholera cases in Kukawa LGA continues to decline following responses by UNICEF and partners. A total number of 639 cases and 3 deaths were reported at the end of March (resulting in a case fatality rate of 0.5%).   On 1st March, members of a non-state armed groups attacked the military camp in Rann, killing seven military personnel. Hostilities also resulted in the deaths of three humanitarian workers (including a doctor working for a UNICEF contractor) and the abduction of three female health workers (including a nurse working for a UNICEF contractor). Humanitarian activities in Rann were suspended as a result of the attack, temporarily leaving the local population and an estimated 40,000 IDPs without life-saving assistance. The attack also resulted in the closure of the only school in Rann, thus halting learning opportunities for 7300 children (46% of whom are girls) and the destruction of 2,700 school bags with essential learning materials prepositioned in preparation for new enrolment. All teachers have moved to Maiduguri following the attack.",1
6866,Prices of basic commodities have been rising and the availability of food  stocks in many parts of Syria is at risk. ,3
2695,"Among the Cameroonian refugees in Nigeria, it is noted that children (including unaccompanied minors) make up about 50 percent of the displaced population. Meanwhile women represent about 30 percent and men less than 20 percent. Hence, child protection and education are priority protection activities.",9
10624,Global Acute MalnutriDon (GAM) has increased among Baidoa IDPs as well as Mogdishu IDPs since Deyr 2016/17. The increase  is staDsDcally significant among IDPs in Baidoa.   ,8
9132,"In December 2017, WFP reported that one in three households among both internally displaced persons (IDPs) and host communities in Pool faced acute food insecurity, and chronic malnutrition in children younger than 5 years of age had exceeded 25 percent. Between May and December, global acute malnutrition (GAM) levels among IDPs younger than 5 years of age in Pool and Bouenza declined from 17.3 percent to 5.8 percent primarily due to sustained humanitarian assistance, according to various government, UN and NGO sources. Despite improvements, WFP warns that nearly 13 percent of children remain at risk of becoming malnourished in the absence of nutrition interventions.",8
11137,"An estimated 2.6 million people are internally displaced in Darfur alone, a further increase due to the resumption of violence and insecurity in the Jebel Marra area. With nighttime temperatures down to 7 degrees at this time of the year, recently displaced people urgently need shelter, household supplies and fuel for heating and cooking. Refugees and displaced people who are returning or want to return home in Darfur cite protection, food, household supplies, clean water, education and health services as urgent requirements",9
7373,"On a short notice, several thousand Information Education and Communication materials (2,200 flash cards, 14,500 leaflets & 687 banners) have been developed and disseminated through CwC partners and have been well accepted and appreciated by the host government.",2
2166,"Focus on Malawi: Figure 8 illustrates the retail price trend of white maize for Lunzu market, a prime maize grain market in Malawi. The national average retail price of maize in Malawi dropped by 15 percent in March relative to February. The market experienced consistent price decline since January 2017 as reflected by the shift from ALPS Alert mode to ALPS Stress mode in March. Price are expected to remain above average in May.",3
2636, 0.8M PIN Education 0.8M PIN Food Security 1.2M PIN Health 0.5M PIN Nutrition 1.4M PIN Protection 1.2M PIN Shelter 1.1M PIN WASH,4
8793,"WFP currently works with temporary shelters or community kitchens run by Catholic Church organizations and other partners, purchasing the food needed to prepare hot meals for newly arrived migrants.The new food assistance will take the form of a monthly electronic cash transfer to families of 96,000 Colombian pesos (US$35) per person, which can be redeemed in local shops to buy nutritious food from a pre-defined list. The scheme has the advantage of both allowing recipients to choose the foods they wish to eat, meaning a more diverse diet, and also supporting the local economy. ",3
9341,"The issue of access continues to hamper the effective delivery of humanitarian assistance to migrants and refugees, both in detention centres and in urban settings. In particular, security incidents and administrative regulations have led to the frequent cancellation or suspension of activities, program activities were cancelled multiple times due to fighting in Tripoli between January and March 2017. There have also been reports of human rights violations in a number of detention centres according to MMWG members. It is a MMWG priority to coordinate information sharing and to advocate for a harmonised and strategic response to address these incidents. This includes: increased visits, speeding up procedures of assisted voluntary return (of migrants), advocating for separation of men and women and children inside the centres, and release, while ensuring that government officials' understanding of human rights is enhanced through various trainings.",9
1828,"The part of East Jebel Marra that lies in South Darfur has witnessed more than 28 cases of abductions, including eight cases in which people are still held hostage. The cases include two children, in an abduction that came in response to livestock theft which the owners failed to restore.",9
6029,"A total of 80,229 schoolchildren and cooks were targeted for assistance by WFP in the month of March. WFP provided food assistance to pre and primary school children in Greater Banjul Area,West Coast, Lower River, Central River and Upper River Regions for the month of March. ",3
872,"During the reporting period, food insecurity worsened in Timbuktu, Mopti and Kidal Regions. The World Food Programme provided food to 260,000 of 601,000 severely food-insecure people and further assisted 45,000 newly displaced persons. The situation is likely to deteriorate further in 2018, with 4.1 million of 18.9 million people expected to be food-insecure in Mali during the lean season of 2018, from June to the end of August, and some 800,000 severely food-insecure, which would represent an increase of 300,000 people compared with 2017.",3
7844,"In Cameroon, if anyone is suspected of traveling with controversial images on their phone and intending to post them once they reach a place with working Wi-Fi, they can have their devices confiscated or worse. But many have not let this stop them.",9
5986,"A fall armyworm infestation in Zambia has affected more than 320,000 acres of maize—approximately 10 percent of the crop—planted during the October-to-December planting season, according to the Government of Zambia (GoZ) Disaster Management and Mitigation Unit. International media report that the infestation had destroyed an estimated 200,000 MT of maize as of mid-January. The GoZ is currently conducting mitigation measures and has distributed 61,000 liters of pesticides. Zambia is a major regional maize producer, and was the only country in Southern Africa to produce a surplus of maize during the 2015/2016 agricultural season.",5
8586,"Women at the site are particularly vulnerable due to the presence of people involved with armed groups. The presence of armed elements in the site challenges protection efforts and the implementation of proper mechanisms to safeguard women and girls, who are most at risk of abductions and sexual violence.",9
6923,"insecurity – hunger and food insecurity was mentioned as a key motive for leaving Juba, as well as the  current economic crisis due to the high inflation cost and thought that life is cheaper in the villages than in the  city . ",3
4283,"The public power grid remained the main source of electricity in Derna, though it was showing increasing signs of disrepair, particularly in El-Fataih and El-Jebilah. Power cuts were frequent, leading many residents to rely on generators to compensate. Among those who used generators, the expense and unavailability of fuel were reportedly the main barriers to accessing electricity.",7
8547," Among the key findings, the assessment showed that 25% of schools that had been functional at any point since 2013 were non-functional at the time of the assessment, with insecurity reported as the main cause of school closures, followed by the delayed or non-payment of teacher salaries. There has also been a 10% decrease in the number of students enrolled at the start of 2016 compared to the start of 2013.The dropout rate since the beginning of the 2016 school year was 11% for girls and 10% for boys, with the lack of food being the main reason for children dropping out. ",2
1498,"More than 1.634.000 people remain internally displaced across the three north eastern states of Adamawa, Borno and Yobe, of whom 83.5% are in Borno1. The reporting period witnessed a high level of movement, with a total of 16, 542 new arrivals, 3,068 departures and 201 transit movements recorded across 33 LGAs in Borno and Adamawa states. The main reasons for the returns are improved security and voluntary relocation, while new displacement is propelled by poor living conditions, fear of attack, ongoing conflict and military operations2.   On 23rd March, the Nigerian Government announced its intention to facilitate the return of IDPs from Maiduguri to Bama LGA. Bama currently has the largest number of displaced people (203,374) still outside of the LGA, and at the same time also hosts the highest number of IDPs (49,139 persons DTM Round XXI) of all Borno LGAs. The first voluntary returns exercise, supported by a government package of 10,000 Naira cash, a 50kg bag of rice, and a bag of maize flour per family, was scheduled for 2nd April. Humanitarian actors have emphasized the importance of ensuring that all returns processes take place in a safe, voluntary, and dignified manner, and take into consideration the capacity of state and other actors to meet the needs of returnees.   As of 31st March, 133 cases of Acute Watery Diarrhea (AWD) with 12 deaths (a case fatality rate of 9%) were reported in Bade and Yusufari LGAs of Yobe State. Laboratory tests confirmed the presence of cholera. WASH and health partners - including UNICEF, WHO, VCM, MSF Spain, State Ministry of Health (SMoH), State Primary Health Care Board (SPHCMB) and LGAs authorities - are responding in the affected areas. Meanwhile, the number of cholera cases in Kukawa LGA continues to decline following responses by UNICEF and partners. A total number of 639 cases and 3 deaths were reported at the end of March (resulting in a case fatality rate of 0.5%).   On 1st March, members of a non-state armed groups attacked the military camp in Rann, killing seven military personnel. Hostilities also resulted in the deaths of three humanitarian workers (including a doctor working for a UNICEF contractor) and the abduction of three female health workers (including a nurse working for a UNICEF contractor). Humanitarian activities in Rann were suspended as a result of the attack, temporarily leaving the local population and an estimated 40,000 IDPs without life-saving assistance. The attack also resulted in the closure of the only school in Rann, thus halting learning opportunities for 7300 children (46% of whom are girls) and the destruction of 2,700 school bags with essential learning materials prepositioned in preparation for new enrolment. All teachers have moved to Maiduguri following the attack.",1
8225,The community Nambong which is about a five hour-ride from the district capital Tatale is without any regular source of drinking water.,11
10385,"Following agreement with the community, rehabilitation has started on the PoC 3 health clinic to allow the health partner to recommence services in April 2017. The facility was closed at the request of the community in November 2016 due to false rumours.",4
7737,uman Rights Watch has not been able to verify estimates of the number of villagers killed. Satellite imagery analyzed by Human Rights Watch shows the near total destruction of the villages of Maung Nu (known locally as Monu Para) and nearby Hpaung Taw Pyin (known locally as Pondu Para). The damage signatures are consistent with fire.,10
4776,"UnitingWorld is supporting a joint humanitarian response by ACT Alliance members to deliver emergency food and shelter; health, nutrition and WASH programs to the Rohingya community in Cox’s Bazar, Bangladesh.",11
1049,"Egyptian security sources told Ma'an that militants connected to Daesh under the local affiliate the Sinai Province blew up two transmission towers in the Sinai Peninsula on Saturday evening, while in northern Sinai two Egyptian policemen were reportedly injured during clashes with unidentified gunmen. ",6
9107,"In general, with a growing demand the markets are quite tense in the north of the country. Indeed, since 2017 the prices of basic cereals (millet, maize, rice and sorghum) are generally up by the 2007-2016 historical average.",3
4514,All humanitarian actors should consider the impact of the threat of explosive hazards in their activities. Before placing personnel into locations they should communicate with UNMAS regarding the existence of threats and any mitigation measures (including risk awareness training) that might be necessary. A recent risks assessment in Sirte revealed that 82% of interviewed households feel they are unable to move freely in their neighbourhood,9
1494,"The significantly above-average March – May long rains have driven substantial improvements in forage in pastoral areas and raised crop production prospects in marginal agricultural areas. However, the rains have caused widespread flooding, which has led to displacement and crop losses, particularly in Tana River and Garissa counties. Currently, the highest areas of food insecurity are in parts of Isiolo, Tana River, Garissa, Kajiado, and Turkana.In pastoral areas, livestock body conditions have markedly improved, increasing meat and milk availability and household income through higher livestock prices. As pastoralists moved their livestock close to homesteads in April, food and milk access have increased. By June , further improvements in terms of trade, milk consumption, and nutrition are expected to improve area outcomes to Stressed (IPC Phase 2) or even some to Minimal (IPC Phase 1). However, some poor households are still likely to face Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes.? Despite those affected by flooding, crops are in good conditions in the marginal agricultural areas and at various stages of growth. Cropping activities range from planting to weeding and are providing wage labor opportunities and increasing household incomes. The majority of poor households currently lack household food stocks and are market dependent. With the expected near-average harvest in June, these areas are expected to move from Stressed (IPC Phase 2) to Minimal (IPC Phase 1).",3
284,"34,400 people in four earthquake affected districts highly food insecure",3
7463,Increasingly unpredictable weather and a lack of government support has made it all but impossible for Zimbabwe’s resettled farmers to achieve anything like the full potential of their plots.,0
5533,"Movement: Spontaneous  23-28 May 2017  61 individuals (14 HH) arrived in Rann town from Sasa, Kalma Kumaga ward of Rann LGA.  DTM & ETT Cumula?ve: IDPs = 36,195",3
6561,"More than 114,000 hectares of cultivate land in Sri Lanka is facing destruction from an ongoing drought and 344,839 metric tonnes of paddy (rough rice) could be lost in the current season, a government statement said. Sri Lanka's entered the main Maha cultivation season saw only about third of the possible 800,000 hectare area under paddy being cultivated. ",0
8568,"While distribution of food and other relief items by national staff is now permitted, protection activities remain suspended. Health services have been resumed in some areas, but coverage is uneven and turnout is low. Most international staff remain in township centres of Maungdaw and Buthidaung. ",4
10320,"Officials say the waterborne disease, which has struck more than 200 people in Harare, killing two, has been detected in other parts of Zimbabwe. ",4
3590,"The year following two earthquakes that devastated Nepal saw a spike in desperate people falling into the clutches of human traffickers. Two years later, with the country’s infrastructure and economy still in ruins, NGOs say human trafficking is still on the rise.",9
379,"Since the start of the current rainy season, in October 2017, 14 people have died in storms in various parts of Mozambique, according to data released on Wednesday by the country's relief agency, the National Disasters Management Institute (INGC). INGC spokesperson Paulo Tomas told a Maputo press conference that the storms had affected almost 26,000 people, and that the heavy rains and high winds had destroyed 4,786 houses. In addition 207 classrooms and eight health units had been damaged or destroyed, and 68 electricity pylons had been blown down.The Maputo storms, Tomas said, had completely destroyed two houses in Matola city, and had flooded 29 others. Storms in the same period struck the western province of Tete, damaging 31 houses and nine classrooms.",7
1555,"MERS cases 2012 - 2017: 1,604 Deaths: 644 CFR: 40.1%",4
217,"According to the findings of MSNA June 20169 , on average 54 per cent of people has reduced access to an adequate supply of water. The main causes for reductions are the lack of electricity, damage to the public water supply network, poor operations and maintenance services. In addition, the assessment indicated 63 per cent of people in east Libya reported nonfunctionality of the sewerage network and 33 per cent reported that garbage is left on the street, posing public health risks to the population.",11
1963,"Civilians in Derna continue to face difficulties accessing cash and black market prices for basic commodities are beyond the means of many. While Derna has seen restrictions on movement into the city and disruptions of supplies to varying degrees over the past three years, the current situation exacerbates the impact on the city’s civilian population. The main humanitarian needs continue to be: medicine and medical supplies (to manage casualties from conflict and the chronic medical needs); access to cash; fuel to ensure the continued functioning of critical installations, such as hospitals and water installations, spare parts for the desalination plant, and food items. At least 100,0001 people are deemed to be affected by the current situation.",4
4281,"Prices of millet and sorghum rising further and at high levels Prices of coarse grains showed mixed trends in February and were overall well above their year-earlier values. Despite a satisfactory supply situation from the above-average cereal harvest in 2017, prices of millet and sorghum generally increased, while those of maize remained relatively stable. Prices were underpinned by the strong procurement from institutional bodies for the replenishment of their stocks. Insecurity in the northern areas, disrupting traditional supply routes and localized production shortfalls across the country, added to the upward pressure on prices. High demand from deficit areas and neighbouring countries also contributed to keep prices at relatively high levels.",3
11648,"Zika: In India, media reported that one case was detected in Gujarat in January 2017. ",4
1246,"Given how often existing forces in Mali, including the army, are attacked (losing weapons and vehicles in the process), deploying yet more troops in the region carries a real risk of further boosting jihadists groups’ military assets. “Malian armed movements have employed an increasing proportion of heavy weaponry from Malian government stockpiles – particularly ammunition for larger weapon systems such as rockets and artillery – as opposed to Libyan or other foreign sources,” Conflict Armament Research said in a 2016 report on the Sahel. Human Rights Watch recently reported on “killings, forced disappearances and acts of torture” committed by security forces in Mali and Burkina Faso against suspected members of jihadists groups. Even if they are only committed by a minority of soldiers, such acts lead civilians to mistrust the armies supposed to protect them, and in some cases to join the armed groups to seek their protection instead.",9
3255,"But this year, two farmers told Syria Direct, a new tariff imposed on produce originating in opposition-held Quneitra and Daraa produce in recent months by regime authorities at a checkpoint between government- and opposition-held territory is preventing farmers from transporting their crops across regime lines.Since March, the new tariff has reportedly been enforced at the Khirbet Ghazaleh trade checkpoint north of Daraa city, through which all produce reportedly enters government territories from opposition-held parts of Daraa and Quneitra. However, farmers are feeling the impact of the tariff most sharply with the arrival of harvest season. The halt in the flow of vegetables to regime territory means a delicate economic balance in southwestern Syria is poised to fall off course as winter approaches, severely disrupting a region reliant on agriculture.",5
3126,"Although the number of cases has decreased, the diphtheria outbreak continues with 193 cases reported in epi week 9. ? Although immunization rates have increased with successive vaccination campaigns, the upcoming monsoon season poses a danger for outbreak of a number of vector borne and water borne disease particularly AWD.",4
2549,"In Nigeria, there is a considerable gap in the average levels of education between Muslims and Christians, with the latter having approximately twice as many years of education than Muslims. This fits well with the regional picture of a predominantly Muslim North and predominantly Christian South. We can observe the same trend when we compare Christian and Muslim women. Muslim minority women have a much higher likelihood of achieving secondary education than Muslim women living in Muslim-majority areas.",2
6118,"On December 13 at three a.m., a UOSSM medical point was hit by an airstrike and fully destroyed in the southern Aleppo countryside. No causalities have been reported. The medical point had an emergency department, which provided first aid and minor surgical procedures. ",4
6407,"There are currently has 1,254 UASC registered in Mahama Camp. The number has decreased since the last reporting period due to efforts in placing approximately 150 UASC in foster care and 274 have been reunited with their families. The UASC who are more than 18 years are automatically deactivated from the UASC database.",9
2453,"Health Facilities Devastated by PNG Quake21 MARCH 2018, PORT MORESBY - A third of all health facilities have closed in Hela and Southern Highlands Provinces as a result of the Papua New Guinea earthquake.  On 26 February, a 7.5 magnitude earthquake struck Papua New Guinea, triggering landslides, affecting water sources and wiping out houses, health facilities, people and crops. More than 190 aftershocks have been recorded, according to the United States Geological Survey, including one as recently as 20 March.  Results of a joint National Department of Health (NDOH) and World Health Organization (WHO) assessment show that 25 out of 77 health facilities in the two worst-affected provinces are no longer functioning. The total number of closed facilities is potentially higher, as data from eight health centres remains unavailable due to access constraints.  “This disruption to health service provision comes at a time when people are most in need of care,” said Dr Luo Dapeng, WHO Representative to Papua New Guinea. “As aftershocks continue, affected communities are dealing with injuries and psychological trauma. We’re also worried about potential outbreaks of epidemic-prone diseases. We must move swiftly to restore health services.”  Overcrowding in informal camps and a lack of access to clean drinking water and sanitation increase the risk of disease outbreaks. Vaccination coverage was low prior to the earthquake and the country was already facing outbreaks of malaria, pertussis and measles.  Roads, rivers, airfields and bridges have been impacted by the earthquake in a part of the country prone to violence and insecurity. Access to affected communities has therefore been extremely challenging.  “Responding to the health needs in Papua New Guinea is definitely not easy,” said Dr Luo. “But we’re determined to find ways, alongside our partners, to deliver life-saving health services to even the hardest to reach communities.”  WHO is supporting the National Department of Health (NDOH), provincial health authorities and partners with information management, technical guidance and logistics. As the Health Cluster lead agency, WHO plays an active role in coordinating the activities of 25 health partners in order to align efforts, fill gaps, avoid duplication and ensure that response efforts reach those most in need.  The Organization is also supporting the strengthening of disease surveillance and has pre-positioned medical supplies in preparation for potential outbreaks, including seven diarrhoeal disease kits and rapid diagnostic tests for dengue.",4
5326,"Furthermore, two schools and a primary health care center , located next to each other, sustained structural damage, rendering them out of service. In eastern rural Idleb, airstrikes reportedly struck the Grains Center in Saraqab town, causing significant structural damage with no casualties reported. In southern rural Idleb, airstrikes struck a White Helmets center in Khan Shakyun town, reportedly killing three White Helmets workers, wounding four and rendering the center out of service. The airstrikes also reportedly damaged the nearby Al -Rahma hospital.",4
11185,"The foundation has helped send at least 40 refugee children to a private school and while they are adjusting well, some who initially lived in Bangladesh and then moved to India are finding it difficult.  For these refugees, there are few livelihood options. Most of the camp dwellers work as manual labourers or construction workers in different areas around Delhi.",5
4521,"During January 2018, 31 incidents of violence against health care were reported. Of these, 28 have been veried and three are still being veried. Among the veried attacks, 12 incidents were reported on hospitals. The location of the attacks is, seven in Idleb, three in Hama, and one incident in each of governorate of Rural Damascus and Aleppo. One of the hospital attacked is mental specialized hospital in Aleppo (Azaz), resulted in killing of one patient and injuring twelve. Nine incidents were reported on primary health centers, of them six in Idleb, two in Rural Damascus, and one in Aleppo governorate. Blood bank was targeted in Idleb(Saraqeb), resulted in the infrastructure and equipment damages. Three other incidents were reported in Idleb on ambulatory system and rst aid point resulted, in killing of three health workers. Collectively veried attacks resulted in at least the killing of 33 people and injuring of 92 people. Of them four health workers were killed and 19 were injured",4
9661,The most important problem reported in enumerators’ narrative reports was the threat of explosive remnants of war (ERWs). Other challenges that returnees faced include shortage of water and NFIs and lack of functionality in health facilities and schools. Many houses were still in need of repairs before returnees could go back to them permanently.,9
7508," As of 8 March at 7.00 UTC, local media reported at least 3 deaths in Maroantsetra municipality and Mananara Nord (Analanjirofo), at least 6 injuries, and 500 people displaced in Analanjirofo. Local media also reported damaged houses and traffic disruptions.",10
3086,"School enrolment of Syrian children did increase in Jordan, Lebanon and Turkey after the London summit, HRW said. But a lack of timely funding contributed to more than 530,000 children in the three nations remaining out of school, it said.",2
5036,"In December 2016, around 49,000 displaced people in 23 sites benefitted from cash-based assistance by WFP and its implementing partners. This included around 5,700 refugees in the Dar-es-Salam refugee camp who started to receive assistance through food vouchers. Another 81,000 people received assistance through regular WFP food distributions. These interventions contribute to responding to food insecurity, which concerns around 160,000 people in the Lac region. They are combined with actions to strengthen livelihoods and community resilience. ",3
5028,"Located a few kilometres east of Jerusalem, the Jahalin community of Khan al-Ahmar have been slapped with a demolition order of their school by the Israeli authorities The move follows a decision by the Israeli Supreme Court last week, ruling the school should be demolished because it was built without any proper building permits.",2
9321,"Kenyan maize and bean prices rise while livestock falls. The price of maize has risen significantly across Kenya compared to a year ago: attaining a 40 per cent increase in eastern and coastal lowland areas, and up to a 64 per cent rise in Kwale, Kilifi, Lamu, Taraka Nithi and Embu counties. Nationwide, beans are 60 per cent more expensive than in February 2016. Livestock prices in most pastoral areas have declined as animal body conditions deteriorate and pastoralists reduce herd sizes. In Marsabit, Mandera and Garissa counties, goat prices in January were up to 55 per cent lower than a year earlier.",3
765,"In the worst impacted areas 75% of households reported that the normal food sources (for example cassava roots) are disrupted. This has had an impact on the food that they would normally eat during this season. Many households are switching to different sources, changing plantings to cassava, potatoes and taro just to survive during the season. Fruit crops are going bad and have to be thrown away.",3
1361,"Soaring food and fuel prices, stagnant salaries and the loss and disruption of livelihoods and arable lands have led to widespread food insecurity across the country, with seven million people being food insecure and a further two million people are at risk of food insecurity.",3
7631,"A survey done by The Ministry of Water Resources and Care International in greater Freetown flooded communities, shows that there is an alarming contamination of faecal coliforms in water sources and actively used community wells. Moreover, the is a lack of residual chlorine",4
41,"KIs in nearly all assessed mahallas, excepting only El-Bilad, El-Jebilah and Bab Tubruq, reported damage to shelters in residential areas as a result of shelling. In Embakh, as many as 50% of houses were reportedly affected. • KIs also reported widespread damage to the city’s electric, water, sewage and road networks. Government buildings in western mahallas were additionally targeted, along with the Al-Amal school, the Abu Huraira mosque and the Wadi Derna bridge.",10
7836,"Shortages in food, fuel, water, electricity and cash are reported as a result of the ongoing conflict. ",7
5679,"Water supplies across the port city of Chennai have dropped by half, with the government saying tap water may dwindle to a trickle in the days to come.  'We are supplying between 450 to 470 million litres of water every day,' compared to the normal requirement of 830 million litres, said Arun Roy, of the Chennai Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewage Board that supplies water across the city.",11
6758,"The Afghan National Police (ANP), including the Afghan Local Police (ALP), and four armed groups (Haqqani Network, Hezb-i-Islami of Gulbuddin Hekmatyar, ISIL-Khorasan Province, and Taliban forces) are listed for recruitment and use. All four armed groups are also listed for killing and maiming, while the Taliban is further listed for attacks on schools and/or hospitals and abduction. In SCR 2405 (2018) the Council extended UNAMA’s mandate until March 2019 and expressed concern over the high levels of recruitment and child casualties, especially by armed groups. In his last report (S/2018/165, para. 23), the Secretary-General (SG) expressed concern over last year’s increase in civilian casualties, and especially child casualties, from aerial attacks, making it the deadliest year since 2009. In March, the Norwegian Refugee Council reported that an attack on a school in Kabul injured at least 11 students and a later air attack in the northern province of Kunduz allegedly killed hundreds of civilians, mostly children.",9
7363,"There are considerable psychosocial needs among the new arrivals, including those linked to gender-related risks. These include gender-based violence and inadequate access to information for females due to low rates of literacy. Gender roles also impact access to nutrition and, due to low numbers of female health staff, there are barriers to females accessing basic services due to cultural issues around visiting male service providers. Many of the new arrivals are children, who face risks to their safety and dignity, including exposure to violence and inadequate access to food and water. Those risks are even higher for unaccompanied children",4
159,"Staple food prices have continued to fall, facilitating better food access. From May to June 2017, maize grain prices decreased by 13 percent on average, with the largest price drop in northern Pemba. Current maize grain prices are on average 46 percent below last year’s and slightly below the five-year average. Rice and maize meal prices have been relatively stable but remain above the five-year average by 60 and 67 percent, respectively. In some markets, particularly in surplus-producing northern areas, maize grain prices have reached historical lows.",3
10300,"The early pastoral lean season in some parts of the north of the country and in the western Sahel, due to pasture deficit, worsened by unusual concentrations of herds from neighboring countries (Mauritania, Niger, and Burkina Faso) negatively affect livestock production and body conditions of livestock. The resulting decline in pastoral incomes limits poor pastoral households’ access to markets. ",0
9651,Citizens in Al Meiriam town in West Kordofan State have also reported an acute shortage of bread due to rising prices of flour at the market. The complaining citizens pointed out that the price of a sack of flour increased from 350 SDG to 400 SDG.They added that the bakers have reduced the size and weight of the bread.,3
10464,"There are very few who search for jobs outside the camp because as refugees, they are not, legally, allowed to go outside the camp for more than a day. They said that only 10-20 percent of the youth are searching for jobs outside the camp",9
7143,"LOMAMI: IDPs have one meal a day (mostly in the evening); • Children under 5 years show signs of malnutrition; • Shortage of food and grain: food and grain stocks are destroyed, stolen or burned; • Food is not available and accessible; families missed the first growing season and have just missed the current one; • Several agricultural fields have been destroyed and burned; • Due to conflicts, no quality seed (improved and resistant seed varieties) available in these areas; • At least 95% of producers do not have essential agricultural inputs (in assessed areas); • Livestock heads have been stolen in several villages; • Markets are not structured, and often organized once a week; • Irregular supply of agricultural products in markets; • In all markets assessed, prices for basic agricultural products have doubled or tripled during the period (from March to September 2017);",5
10536,"Shelter and non-food goods: Blankets, mats and habitat elements such as plastic and Zinc sheets. It reports the destruction of a house and 25 houses affected. According to information from Municipality, the population remains on the sidewalks, despite the damages in the houses, of which Have not left, so it is necessary to deliver material for the restoration of housing and mitigate the Impact in this sector.",10
9143," Israeli soldiers have abducted, overnight and at dawn Thursday, 25 Palestinians, in different parts of the occupied West Bank, including Jerusalem, during extensive invasions and violent searches of homes, and property. ",9
6668,"Ban Khlong Loi village in tambon Ronthong was the worst hit area. Many families have been forced out of their homes and rubber plantations inundated. Several power poles were uprooted, causing widespread blackouts.",0
3215,Pakistan's decision to close two border crossings with Afghanistan following a wave of deadly attacks has forced cross-border trade to grind to a halt.The crossing is a way of making ends meet for many. It is usually packed with cargo-filled trucks and minibuses crammed with passengers.  ,3
4816," The EWCM classified the end of season cropping conditions as Failure in eastern Ethiopia, southern and central Somalia, and coastal Kenya",5
3543,"Without sufficient livestock to provide for their food needs many pastoralists in Tana River County have become dependent on food aid from government, aid agencies and well wishers. Through the IFRC DREF loan funding, Kenya Red Cross Society is carrying out ‘slaughter destocking’ activities with an aim to remove the affected animals before they become emaciated, lose their value, die or pose a risk of public health. Destocking releases the value tied up in those animals and provides much needed cash and meat to vulnerable communities. ",3
3024,"Gaza residents continue to face a desperate situation because of the blockade with water and electricity shortages, as well as a lack of medicines and doctors unable to perform surgeries. The Israeli blockade of Gaza, in its current form, has been in place since June 2007, when Israel imposed a land, sea and air blockade on the area after Hamas won elections in the enclave a year earlier. Israel controls Gaza's airspace and territorial waters, as well as two of the three border crossing points; the third is controlled by Egypt. Both Israel and Egypt have kept their borders largely shut and are responsible for further deteriorating the already-weakened economic and humanitarian situations.",11
7210,"In Maiduguri, a town hit hard by Boko Haram's suicide bombings, Matfess says the government has begun a campaign to raise public awareness about women and child bombers, explaining how to identify potential attackers. 'The policy is well intentioned, [but] it risks stigmatizing the bombers, many -- though not all -- of whom have been coerced or forced into serving in this role,' she said, adding that 'the widespread suspicion of women and girls that these attacks have resulted in already puts women and girls at a disadvantage in the community.'",9
5817,"“We have to profile the Muslim areas,” said Illigan City police superintendent Roy Ga. “This conflict in Marawi – unfortunately, it is being committed by Muslims, so we have to make sure there are no sympathisers with the terrorists in this area.”  ",9
1654,"At least six people, including four members of a family, have been killed in Quetta and Dera Allahyar as roofs and walls of houses collapsed due to heavy snowfall and rain lashing parts of Balochistan for a couple of days. ",4
6034, Baloch social media activists reported that teenage son of a slain Baloch leader was abducted from Karachi on Friday night.,9
11119,"The lack of food distribution, which in the past has helped families through these challenging months, is making matters even worse.”  Every year, Pibor experiences a peak of malnutrition during the ‘hunger gap’, which starts in April.  This is the time between harvests, when food often runs scarce.  The hunger gap is taking a particularly heavy toll this year due to a combination of environmental and economic factors, the impact of the ongoing conflict and a lack of aid provision.  Irregular rains have reduced the quality and quantity of crops available. Recent clashes blocked the main supply road from the capital city, Juba, for several months, reducing the quantity of food available.  Food prices have also risen dramatically; the cost of some basic food items, such as sorghum, has quadrupled in the past three months. There is also a larger population living in the area, after people relocated from Juba to Pibor due to insecurity.",8
2964,"As the flooding rain inundated Albania, the AP reports that roughly 100 people were evacuated from a shopping mall near Tirana. Tens of thousands of residents across the country were affected by power cuts. ",7
2729,"In Kémbé sub-prefecture, several houses were burnt during attacks on 4 January 2018, causing seven civilian deaths, with others wounded. The health centre was looted, including drug stocks, and the NGO Community Humanitarian Emergency Board International (COHEB) temporarily withdrew from the site. ",10
9522,"The floods caused by the coastal El Niño phenomenon between January and March 2017 left 1.9 million people affected in northern Peru, nearly a third of them children. Thousands of families lost their houses and sources of income, leaving many children in need of urgent assistance.",5
6850,"The Ministry of Agriculture reports that the deaths in the poultry sector have reached over 200,000 birds. Of these, more than 90% are laying hens and replacement pullets. The numbers of deaths suffered in the cattle sector have been updated to over 2,700 animals, the majority calves, representing an increase of over 60% from the last report. In total, the impacts to the agricultural sector exceed 210,000 deaths of animals, 440,000 square meters of damage to facility roofing, and more than 50,000 coffee and cocoa seedlings destroyed (see annex). ? Damages in greenhouses represent a loss of over 1,000 tons of produce, while the impacts to food production in each province are being quantified, especially in terms of eggs, pork, plantains, root tubers, grains, vegetables, fruits, honey, fish and related infrastructure. In Ciego de Ávila alone already 50,000 tons of plantains have been damaged. In addition to the damage to stockpiling, storing and distribution infrastructure, damage to the distribution network for inputs and services to the agricultural sector have been reported. ? More than 200 tons of fertilizer have reported humidity-related damage, according to inventories in the Villa Clara, Camagüey, and Ciego de Ávila Provinces. ? The National State Insurance Enterprise announced that estimated preliminary losses in Villa Clara Province alone amount to 13.6 million pesos, although an additional increase of 45 million pesos is foreseen. Estimations of damages have not been completed in rural areas. ? Numerous rice fields are still flooded and, in the northern coastal municipalities that were most impacted by the hurricane, the livelihoods of people in the agricultural and fishing sectors remain complicated. This situation is aggravated by low levels of soil fertility. Prior to the hurricane, these areas suffered impacts of intense drought and now are affected by the salinization associated with flooding.",3
3886,"The improved rainy season and harvest in March and April 2017 may produce a temporary reprieve from the complex nutritional crisis in the south, however pockets of acute malnutrition remain an obstacle to recovery. Preliminary results of the UNICEF-led nutrition SMART surveys show GAM prevalence between 10 and 15 per cent in Beloha and Amboasary districts, within the “high” prevalence range for wasting, according to WHO standards (10-14 per cent). ",8
9877,"The rate of displacement from west Mosul continues to escalate as fighting to retake the west of the city from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) closes in on the old city. An estimated 382,000 people have fled western neighbourhoods since late February. An estimated 450,000 people are in areas of west Mosul inaccessible to humanitarian partners. As of 25 April, a total of 543,000 people have fled the fighting in Mosul and surrounds, 452,000 of whom are still in displacement, according to government figures. The majority of displaced people are sheltering in displacement camps and emergency sites to the south, east and north of the city, where government and humanitarian partners are providing assistance. Partners are preparing for a variety of possible scenarios, including a further surge in large-scale displacement.",7
4897,"61 (20%) out of the total 329 functional HFs in SD is fully managed and supported by NGOs and UN agencies, while 264 (80%) is managed by SMoH. Considering that 22 (8%) of this 264 facility receive incentives and drugs by some NGOs (Johanniter, CIS, SRCS, FRC, WVI) and UN agencies. Mohajrea, Adila and Kateela rural hospitals are not fully functioning due to low health staff and services. NCA is no longer working in South Darfur juhanniter is supporting 4 PHCC, 7 BHUs and 1 mobile clinic in Ed el Fursan locality and WVI running 7 PHCC in Nyala Locality.",4
11004,"Kibira says malaria is still the biggest cause of death in Uganda. And according to their survey conducted on Ugandan radio listeners, 32 per cent treat malaria without any tests.'Twenty-four per cent find a malaria test too expensive, 23 per cent don't know about malaria tests and 21 per cent find malaria tests [inaccessible],' he says. ",4
470,"1.3 million people 18 percent of the rural population analysed (excluding main cities) in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) and Emergency (IPC Phase 4) from October 2017 to February 2018 required urgent food, nutrition and livelihood assistance",3
36,"On 7 June the government of Togo officially declared the end of two outbreaks in the country, meningitis and Lassa fever. The meningitis outbreak in Togo was notified to WHO on 3 February 2017 (see weekly bulletin 14 for detailed update). To date there have been a total of 496 cases and 34 deaths (case fatality rate of 6.9%). From epidemiological week 16 (17 April 2017) to week 22 (to 04 June 2017), the district of Tone, the last district having experienced the epidemic of meningitis, reported successive attack rates below the alert threshold and therefore the outbreak was declared over on 7 June 2017.  The outbreak of Lassa fever in Togo was confirmed on 23 February 2017 (see weekly bulletin 15 for further details). A total of 9 cases were confirmed, 6 of whom died (case fatality rate 66.7%). The cases were located in Oti and Kpenjal districts. The index case had epidemiological links to a confirmed case in Benin. As of April 17 2017, the Oti district recorded the last case of Lassa fever in the country and the outbreak was declared over on 7 June 2017.",4
5815,"Household purchasing capacity, measured by goat-to-cereal and laborto-cereal terms of trade (ToT), has increased from 2017, but is mixed compared to average. In southern regions, goat prices are above last year, but below average and cereal prices have declined from last year, but remain above average. As a result, goat-to-cereal ToT have increased from 2017 but remain lower than normal. In Bardhere, for instance, the sale of a goat in January bought 81 kg of sorghum, 47 percent above last year, but 47 percent below average. Labor-to-cereal ToT are similar: In Baidoa the daily wage rate bought 13 kg of sorghum in January, 44 percent above last year but 24 percent below average. However, in Middle and Lower Juba, Middle Shabelle, Bandadir, and Gedo, the early end of rains and successive early road use increased labor demand and wages relative to normal. In these areas, ToT are above last year and average. In Kismayo, the daily wage bought 18 kg of maize, up from 14 kg last year and the five-year average of 16 kg.",3
7033,"KIs in every part of Derna reported that residents were unable to access food consistently over the two weeks prior to data collection, due largely to the lack of access to markets and the unavailability of staple market items. Widespread shortages of bread and flour were reported, as well as of every assessed type of fuel.",3
11761,"The recruitment or use of children by armed groups is of serious concern to humanitarian partners. According to the Monitoring and Reporting Mechanism, of the grave violations committed against children in armed conflict, recruitment or use of children by armed groups increased from 1,915 in 2016 to 2,127 in 2017. Most of the violations were attributed to the Al-Shabaab group that accounted for the recruitment or use of 1,894 children compared to the 231 children enlisted by state-affiliated armed groups. ",9
5953,"• In Pakistan, the poorest and most vulnerable members of the population cannot afford a sufficient and nutritious diet. Ongoing conflict between the Government of Pakistan (GoP) and militant groups, recurrent natural disasters—including drought and floods—and a lack of basic health and nutrition education complicates household access to food and livelihood opportunitie",8
3489,"On 19th March 2018, twenty (20) new patients were admitted to the Cholera Treatment Centers (CTCs), most of whom (77%) were new arrivals from the Democratic Republic of Congo. As of that date, the cumulative number of cases reported was 1,747 with 36 deaths (CFR 2.06%). No deaths were recorded in all CTCs or in the isolation units. The cases are from Kyangwali, Kabwoya and Buseruka sub-counties. There are no cases in Hoima municipality. ",4
6356,Airstrikes carried out by Afghan and international forces caused 590 civilian casualties (250 deaths and 340 injured) nearly double that recorded in 2015 and the highest since 2009.,9
5796,"“There was a misunderstanding between units of our forces in Leer. They were those who were deployed there as part of reinforcement to bolster the fighting strength of the 4th division infantry. These units were from different divisions in the country. Some were taken from the headquarters and others from other divisions. They were deployed for specific reasons for a specific period but they overstayed and they felt they need to be replaced”, explained the military officer.",4
11653,"Al Houthi-Saleh security forces arrested several Yemeni activists, journalists, and UN staff in Sana’a city on August 15. Local sources reported that al Houthi Saleh forces detained Hisham al Oimsey, Osama al Ansi, and Issam al Muhwiti and took the men to an unknown location. The three are reportedly former employees at the U.S. embassy in Sana’a. The U.S. Embassy in Sana’a suspended its operations in February 2015 following violent protests by the al Houthi movement.",9
28,"Small-scale breeding is expected to occur during the spring in the interior of Saudi Arabia, Yemen and southeast Iran where good rains fell in March.Although this will cause locust numbers to increase slightly, they should remain below threatening levels. ",0
9157,"? Out of total 33 rural hospitals managed by SMoH in Greater Darfur 22 (67%) receive different kinds of support from the UN agencies (WHO, UNICEF, UNFPA) as well as INGOs (PAI, and SC-S). MSF-E is fully running one RH (Kaguro) in Kebkabiya. ? Around 36% (77) PHCCs are managed by SMoH, where 60% (46) of them receives support from by FRC, Johanniter, CIS, SC-S,SRCS, WIV, MEDAIR, NCA, UNICEF, WHO, UNFPA and UNHCR. 62% (133) PHCCs is fully managed and supported by NGOs and UN agencies, also there is one PHCC (Um sedra) in Umm Keddada is managed by the community and supported by SMoH. ? Most of BHUs are managed by SMoH (330 out of 424). Out of a total 330 BHUs managed by SMoH, only 48 (15%) receives support by Johanniter, Merlin, ICRC, CIS, SC-S, Sudi RC, WHO, UNICEF, UNFPA and WFP. ? Most of the mobile clinics are managed by NGOs (36), with some support from WHO, UNICEF, UNFPA, WFP and UNHCR. Only 3 mobile clinics are managed by SMOH (Kass Mobile Clinic which support by CIS), (Umbereida which support by Johanniter) in SD and (Wama Mobile Clinic which supported by UNICEF/WFP) in ND.",4
1686,"Rain-hit municipalities in Pernambuco: Across the state, 2,665 people lost their homes and are sheltered in public buildings. There are also 42,145 displaced people who had to leave their homes temporarily and are staying in with friends and relatives. Moreover, the rain has left three dead and two missing. A total 23 municipalities have been affected—14 of them have been declared disaster areas, and Caruaru declared a state of emergency and awaits the state government to recognize it.",10
11387,"The survey covered some 2,400 refugee women and girls living in Western Bekaa, and found that more than a third of those surveyed between the ages of 20 and 24 had been married before reaching age 18.  Among refugee girls currently between ages 15 and 17, some 24 per cent are married.",9
9432,"On September 5, the village of Dzaba, in Mayo Tsanaga, near the Nigerian town of Gwoza, was attacked by a group of armed men, causing the displacement of 700 persons. The attackers killed 4 people and kidnapped 8. Several houses were looted and more than 40 houses were burnt as well as a church.",10
10664,"The number of people in need of food assistance is estimated at 0.4 million, with refugees, asylum seekers and internally-displaced among the most vulnerable.  Food shortages are reported mostly in the south and east where basic food items are in short supply. Access to subsidized food among the affected population is limited.",3
3540,"Over 14% of the population in Tana River County depends on livestock for income and food. To livestock keepers’ animals are a critical financial asset providing food; milk, meat, blood and eggs) and income through sale, barter, transport, draught power and work hire",5
9246,"Cholera continues to spread in Yemen, causing more than 390 000 suspected cases of the disease and more than 1800 deaths since 27 April.",4
6425,"Infrastructures: the general surroundings are remote characterized by very poor infrastructures including bad roads that hinder/delay access or delivery of commodities, no established markets though there is a makeshift one by the roadside (temporary in nature) that works as the main market, no visible retailer shops or businesses by the roadside and no electricity at the moment. Increased CBTs caseload would not work efficiently under such conditions. Retailors, merchants and agents would increase prices given the risks and added costs incurred to bring food, cash and other commodities closer to the camp. ",3
10564,"Conflict dynamics also affected access to basic services in both communities; all schools in Madaya closed in December due to security concerns. In both Az Zabdani and Madaya access to water remained insufficient, and access to electricity decreased as remaining stocks of fuel, integral to the use of generators, depleted.",11
10673,"Food security conditions are expected to deteriorate on expectations of significant cereal production losses for the ongoing “maha” season, which follows a reduced “yala” harvest in 2016. Subsistence farm households, particularly in the North Western, North Central, Uva and Southern provinces, will likely be most affected and require some humanitarian and emergency recovery assistance. According to the Disaster Management Centre, almost 1 million people in 23 out of 25 districts have been negatively affected by drought conditions. Record prices of rice negatively affect food access and further stress the food security situation of the most vulnerable populations.",5
11629, Malnutrition is common in displaced communities and 2 million Sudanese children under age 5 are acutely malnourished. Malnourished children are more susceptible to disease and often suffer from stunted growth and development.,8
8134,The main opposition the Republican People’s Party (CHP) and the minority block of the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) supported the bill that until now has disproportionately targeted the HDP.,9
11098,"An estimated 5,000–7,000 people fled to the Cathedral collective centre following 10 April. During a population count exercise on 22 April, 16,165 people received tokens. However, the actual population spending the night in the site is estimated at approximately 13,000–15,000 people. Due to space constraints and overcrowding, there is limited space for construction of new infrastructure for water, sanitation and shelter.",11
8936,"The displaced are living in three makeshift camps in Moyale. They include Sololo camp with a population of 4,757, Somare camp at 4,910 and Cifa/Butiye camp holding 890 people.A report from the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies indicates a risk of disease outbreak in the camps due to congestion as well as poor water and sanitation. Essential drugs are in short supply, especially for under-fives.Four cases of diarrhoea and five cases of tuberculosis have already been reported.“The most critical needs and gaps in the ongoing response are WASH, Health, Shelter and Protection. Poor sanitation and hygiene due to insufficient latrines and lack of solid waste management are risk factors for disease outbreak with the ongoing rains. Close monitoring and isolation is needed to prevent a worsening of situation,” the report says. ",4
4042,"Rice prices rose further to record highs Rice prices rose further to record highs in May reflecting tighter supplies from reduced production and imports in 2016, along with flood-related damages to the 2017 main boro crop. Increased demand ahead of the Ramadan provided further support. In response to the current high prices, the Government announced that it would import up to 600 000 tonnes of rice, although it decided not reduce the import duty on rice in an effort to protect local farmers.",3
3727,"Using exclusive data, the reports provide a troubling window onto the impact of the Syrian conflict on the people. They reveal how violence has led to the displacement of almost half the population of east Daraa in recent years, and highlight dangerous healthcare gaps for mothers and children in the area, including alarming rates of risky home deliveries and poor antenatal care. The reports also point to high rates of pregnancy and low rates of family planning use in the area. In addition, up to 60 per cent of children under the age of five have not received all the required doses of vaccines against preventable diseases. The surveys also found that for nearly half of households who had lost a family member within 12 months prior to the assessments, the cause of death was a military incident. A surgeon at an MSF hospital in south Syria said although the violence has subsided, the war has left damaged infrastructure and a lack of experienced healthcare staff.",4
4447,Meningitis: a total number of 25 suspected Cerebro-Spinal Meningitis cases were reported in Borno from January to April 2017. ,4
5297,"An official in the ministry of health and environment in South Sudan’s Yei River state says they are in dire need of an ambulance to handle emergency cases from around the state.The ministry’s Director General James Wani told Radio Tamazuj on Wednesday that its only ambulance was involved in a serious accident and is beyond repair.Wani said that patients who are not able to afford transportation from remote parts of Yei town, Morobo and Lainya counties are forced to transport patients on bicycles while others use foot to access emergency health care services at the main state referral hospital.“The issue of ambulance remains a big challenge at the state hospital. Our only single ambulance had an accident along the Yei-air strip some months ago. At the moment we are left stranded. I am calling on partners and other well wishes to help us on the ground,” he appealed.Yei Civil Hospital is the state’s main referral hospital serving patients from greater Morobo, Lainya, Kajo-Keji and Yei River Counties. ",4
4557,441 people missing and at least 262 are injured Urban electricity and water supply network have been severely damaged.,7
3197,"35,857 IDP families still displaced. 215,142 IDP individuals still displaced. Number of IDPs by main district of displacement: 110,406 (Mosul) ",9
11793,"Although the GAM rate was not significantly different from the findings during the same period in previous years, food security indicators revealed that 27.2 per cent of household were also showing poor food consumption score, while 32.1 per cent are on the border. This confirms the IPC Phase 4 food security classification in the county. Overall, 81 per cent of the households reported a family member going without food for a whole day and night at least once, while 82.9 per cent and 16.9 per cent reported going without food for a whole day about 1 – 2 and 3 – 10 times, respectively. The situation in the country is expected to continue to deteriorate through the first half of 2017.",8
4545,"2.6m internally displaced people (IDP)  248,000 Syrian Refugees  OVERVIEW The human toll of four years of intensive, virtually non-stop combat has been enormous. The pace and scale of displacement have made the Iraq crisis one of the largest and most volatile in the world. It will take years to rebuild Iraq. The health and education sectors have been particularly hard hit. Last year alone, more than 150 schools were damaged or destroyed. Nearly 50% of children in internally displaced people (IDP) camps do not have access to quality education and 3.2 million children attend school irregularly or not at all.",2
9941,"“Every year, between 30,000 to 40,000 Pakistanis attempt illegal passage to Europe as well as Turkey, Russia, and the Middle Eastern countries through Balochistan and by air,” says Sultan Afridi, former assistant director Federal Investigation Authority, who headed the FIA’s anti-human smuggling operations for 15 years. Most illegal migrants get arrested while crossing the Pakistan-Iran border, or they are apprehended inside Iran, and other transit countries. Last year, according to the FIA’s record, around 26,000 Pakistanis were deported by Iran. ",9
1679,"Cholera has been confirmed in Yirol East county after four cases tested positive by culture (Figs 19.2&19.3; Table 4.2) • An integrated response has been rolled out in Bor, Yirol East, and Mingkaman including the hard-to-reach populations on the Islands (Figs 19.2&19.3; Table 4.2). • Cumulatively, 5,321 cholera cases including 122 deaths (55 facilities and 67 community) (CFR 2.29%) have been reported in South Sudan (Figs 19.2&19.3; Table 4.2). • Suspect cases are being investigated in Malakal Town (Figs 19.2&19.3; Table 4",4
3806,"Seasonal rains had an early onset in the third dekad of February. Rains continued in March with adequate amounts in the southern bi-modal rainfall areas of the Greater Equatoria Region, where farmers engaged in early planting of maize and garden crops. Currently, the security situation in some areas of the Greater Equatoria Region is improving and this may result in better access to land for farmers with an increase in planted area. However, Fall Armyworm (FAW) outbreaks are reported to be attacking germinating maize crops with likely negative effects on yields. According to the latest Greater Horn of Africa Climate Outlook Forum weather forecast, March-May rains are likely to be generally favourable, with above-average levels over the southern bi-modal rainfall areas of the Greater Equatoria region and in the southern parts of the former Lakes and Jonglei States, and average precipitations over the rest of the country.",3
3362,"The Libyan economy is heavily dependent on imports. Macro-economic developments since 2014, namely the authorities’ decreasing revenue and the depreciation of the Libyan dinar, have impacted the wheat flour, tomato, soap and insulin supply chains by hampering increasingly expensive imports of supplies from abroad.",3
1140,"The areas of Nyuak, Joungou Namase, Gwunyo Ko Kenin and Nyaruong were observed to be very dry with no cultivation or other farming activities around the area. • Need for shing nets and other cultivation tools such as hoes to facilitate livelihood activities.",3
11591," Troops advanced in several more populated, built-up southern districts and about 1,000 civilians walked across the frontlines, the largest displacement since fighting began a week ago in a bid to deal Islamic State a decisive blow. ",9
5653,"includes information about the non-functional schools and the reasons that made them stop working. It is showed in the report that control forces are the main reason for the schools’ non-functionality. The number of non-functional schools within ISIL-held areas is 556 schools, which constitutes 40% of all non-functional schools within all assessed schools. Moreover, the buildings of 17% of non-functional schools were totally destroyed.",2
2714,"For the past three months, there is also no education for children who make up more than 50 percent of the population because there are no teachers.",2
5379,"Child physical or emotional abuse was reported in five per cent of sites, child separated in three per cent of sites and no incident reported in 91 per cent of sites.",9
6115,"Over 1 million people are currently displaced, 60% of them in Kasaï Central.  Following recent assessments in the affected areas, the number of people affected by the conflict has doubled since the last update on 4 April 2017, with over 2.44 million people affected by the conflict.  It is estimated that over 1.2 million people require urgent humanitarian assistance, the majority of them being displaced by the conflict.",1
10885,"'The prevailing situation in the makeshift camps continues to be of concern as the children may be susceptible to infections, especially with the onset of rains, which may lead to a decline in their nutritional status,' said the red cross. ",4
5496,The residents of three districts in southeastern Paktika province say they have run out of food items because militants have blocked roads to the towns.,3
6265,"Australian Red Cross has launched an emergency appeal to help those affected by violence in northern Rakhine, Myanmar. In Myanmar, we are providing first aid and medical supplies, distributing food, drinking water, hygiene kits and other essentials. In Bangladesh we are offering medical care through an emergency hospital and mobile medical teams, as well as emergency shelter, toilets, food and safe drinking water. We are also providing personal and social support, including safe spaces for women and children, as well as reconnecting families who became separated as they fled. ",1
10956,"The past three decades have not been kind to the residents of Keerni in the foothills of the Himalayas. The village in Indias Poonch district, in Jammu and Kashmir state, sits on the disputed line of control between India and Pakistan, and people and cattle have often been maimed or killed in crossfire or by landmines.",9
11783,"On 3 Jan, lanslide due to heavy rains. 16 people affected, 1 school, and argicultural infrastructure damaged ",0
542,"A strong earthquake of magnitude 6.0 struck southeastern Iran on Friday, injuring at least 42 people and destroying several homes in an area where most people live in villages of mud-walled homes. State media said no deaths had been reported.",10
39,"“The U.S. Embassy in Kabul reminds U.S. citizens that serious threats to safety and security exist in the city of Kabul and throughout Afghanistan,” the US Embassy said in a statement. ",9
1212,"Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) has been told by the Pakistani authorities to close its medical activities in Bajaur Agency in north-western Pakistan. The closure will leave thousands of people in Bajaur Agency without vital healthcare, and comes just seven weeks after MSF was forced to close its project in Kurram Agency, also in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA). With the closure of its project in Bajaur, MSF will have no presence in the FATA, one of the areas of the country where the need for emergency, maternal and child healthcare is most acute.  The Pakistani authorities have informed MSF that the no-objection certificate (NOC) required for carrying out medical activities in Bajaur will not be renewed, although no explanation for this has been given.  ",4
11950,"Health and educa ? on facili ? es are lacking. Only few pupils a ? end school, with some children being involved in ca ? le herding, whilst others have joined armed groups. Most of the popula ? on including IDPs fetch drinking water from boreholes and contaminated water sources including stagnant ponds. Poor sanita ? on is further exacerbated by the lack of latrines and the popula ? on prac ? cing open defeca ? on. In Pathai Centre there is a mobile clinic operated by MSF which is accessible for the community four ? mes a month. The clinic also covers the nearest bomas including Modit, Pabuong, Turgay and Pulchuol. In the absence of other health facili ? es in Pathai people with healthcare needs are reported to use local herbs in consulta ? on with local healers.",2
6409,"Chikungunya: In India, media quoting authorities have reported 60 cases in Delhi since the beginning of 2017 and as of 23 March",4
10282,"Despite its status as a lower middle income country with a GDP of USD 14 billion in 2015, RoC ranks poorly on the Human Development Index. Food production is below national requirements, with only 2 percent of arable land currently under cultivation. RoC produces 30 percent of the country’s food needs and thus imports almost all of its food, leading to high food prices. Income is very unevenly distributed, reflected by a Gini coefficient of 0.43. Forty-eight percent of Congolese live on USD 1.25 per day.",5
11628,"More than 2,300 buildings in Maungdaw and surrounding villages were razed during ARSA attacks, the government announced on Monday.",10
10813,"Measures taken under the state of emergency following the attempted coup of July 2016, including the dismissal of more than 100,000 people from public or private sector jobs during the reporting period, have also deeply affected the human rights situation in the southeast. Some 10,000 teachers were reportedly dismissed on suspicion of having links with the PKK, without due process. The use of counter-terrorism legislation to remove democratically elected officials of Kurdish origin, the severe harassment of independent journalists, the closure of independent and Kurdish language media and citizen’s associations and the mass suspension of judges and prosecutors have also severely weakened checks and balances and human rights protections.",9
5294,he Office of the Deputy Prime  Minister has established a task force  (from January to May) to coordinate the  response to the harsh winter conditions.5 ,5
7091,"Dire food security situation for large segments of population, strong livelihood support required",3
604,"As a consequence of the continuation of the intense rains, during February and March, emergencies related to floods and landslides have occurred, mainly on the north coast of the country. According to official figures at the date of this report, at least 894.403 people are reported as affected and 132.779 are severely affected.",7
1880,"Extreme dryness from December 2016 to February 2017 affected the clove and coffee producing region of the eastern coast from Fenerive-est to Manakara (less than 30 percent of average rainfall). Rice producing regions of central western Madagascar received 30-40 percent of average rainfall. This will affect small farmer incomes from crop sales, in addition to labor incomes, and may also affect trade flows and price levels throughout the country.  • Southeastern Madagascar experienced some of the most severe dryness from January to early February, which disrupted the cropping season, particularly for rice and cash crops. As a result, this part of the country, that’s normal lean season begins in January, peaks in February and ends in March, may last until June 2017 due to the poor crop conditions and the high food prices on markets. The area also experienced flooding from Cyclone Enawo in March.",0
9302,"[Deir-ez-Zor] Needs in all informal sites are particularly severe: IDPs are sheltering in tents and lack sufficient access to latrines, leaving open defecation as their only option. As some communities and informal sites continue to receive returnees, and others IDPs, additional health, WASH, and non-food item support will be critical for households in both communities and informal sites. ",11
453,"The Observatory said there were no deaths from the hospital strike, but that the bombardment had put it out of action. ",4
6778,"More than 20,000 people in Abbasiya locality in South Kordofan are facing severe water and food shortages. Some of them moved to other parts of the state.the villages of Kalanda, Jogaya, Julya, and Tarfat, hosting more than 20,000 people are suffering from a severe drinking water shortage as a result of the depletion of the wells in the area.He explained that the area south-west of Abbasiya town is also suffering from a lack of food which prompted a number of families to flee to the villages of El Sanadra, Tofin, Jibeilat, Ketira and Abu Kershola.",3
5689,"A key element of return to the Gambia is the role that returnees can play once they are back and how well accepted they will be. Without a thriving labour market such reintegration will be challenging and at worst could lead to conflict among a group of frustrated young men. The first challenge for returnees is that their chances of employment once they're back in The Gambia remains slim. General unemployment is at 29.8%, and for youth it is estimated to be 38.5%.Large numbers of young men returning without prospects of employment could have security implications for the young democracy. Though voluntary returns will be prioritised, a considerable number of cases are likely to be involuntary.",9
1796,"“There is a big gap in the resources needed to respond to the crisis,” said UNICEF’s al-Asaadi, explaining that aid agencies are having to fill all the gaps as the Ministry of Health is virtually broke. UNICEF has helped al-Sabeen Hospital, for example, move patients out of hallways and into temporary wards.",4
7521,"Despite the recent good rains and rising dam levels, Windhoek's water restrictions are still in place, because long-term water supply remains a critical concern.City of Windhoek spokesperson Lydia Amutenya says the municipality's 40% water savings target remains in place, in addition to water restrictions introduced last year",11
8842," Retail maize prices were 42 and 19 percent higher in December compared to November in Muyinga and Ruyigi markets, respectively, while bean prices were 16-22 percent higher.",3
5506,"According to the returnees I met in PK5, housing and water supply were their first concern upon arrival. Finding economic opportunities represented the second biggest concern for returnees, mainly due to the limitation in movement caused by the presence of Anti-Balaka in many other districts of the capital. Some returnees have never left PK5. Many reported that they have to change their traditional Muslim clothes and wear jeans and a T-shirt to go downtown, while women have to hide their veil in their handbag.",5
3048,"As of 31 July, there were 503 cases of dengue reported in China in 2017. This number is higher than that reported during the same period since 2012 (Figure 2) but follows historical trend.",4
7424,"Evidence shows that the SPLA has launched attacks directed against the civilian population where no opposition armed forces have been present to justify a military attack, and has intentionally killed unarmed and fleeing civilians in the incidents investigated by the Commission. The consistent narrative that emerges from these attacks against civilians and intentional killings is that they have been undertaken in retaliation for battlefield losses or killings of SPLA soldiers by opposition forces, or because civilians have been perceived to be sympathetic to the opposition due to their ethnicity or their place of residence in an opposition controlled area",9
6264,"In March. Around 700 newly displaced people were registered in Boudouri IDP site and 395 people in Guidan Kadji site in Maine Soroa. Sayam Forage refugee camp received 137 people relocated voluntarily from Toumour area. Meanwhile, 427 people from Kindjandi, Ngagam, and Garin Wanzam displacement sites returned to their homes in Bosso",9
11030,9.2 million People* require access to safe drinking water and sanitation services  ,11
7877,"Beside the legal status of the people at the berm, their needs are enormous. The area nearby the berm is populated by tribal groups fighting for control. The place has evolved into a lawless environment where violence, extortion, and black market thrive. Moreover, as Syrian forces move closer to the berm, trade routes used for deliveries to the black market are being cut and less goods reaches the people in need.",9
10859,Three babies reportedly die in Gaza due to constant power outages ,4
3369,"Turkey's parliament stripped two pro-Kurdish lawmakers of their parliamentary status on Thursday, further reducing the presence of the HDP, the second-largest opposition party in the general assembly.",9
10377,"The Councilor for Manyinga,Greg Kapenda  said the bridge has developed serious cracks caused by continuous rainfall whichand it may collapse, anytime.",6
9559,"The distribution of relief aid has continuously been on a partisan basis. The problem of partisan distribution of relief aid demands adherence to the provisions of the Constitution and international law statutes on freedoms to equality and non-discrimination and the safeguarding of the right to food. It is recommended that the Ministry of Public Service, Labour and Social Welfare ensure that non-discriminatory policies are put in place, enforced and fulfilled in the distribution of relief aid. The Ministry should ensure that all intended beneficiaries of food aid equally receive their quota regardless of political affiliation.",9
178,"In Iraq, where six people reportedly have died and more than 500 have been injured, RI staff fanned out to several areas of Sulimaneya province, where damage was significant. RI staff are conducting assessments in Darbandikhan, Halabja, Kalar, Maydan and Qurato/Kfri, where many of the homes were destroyed. ",10
6207,"The shelter situation particularly for those living in spontaneous sites has worsened significantly with the degradation of already rudimentary shelter solutions. In some locations families are living in caves in the mountains due to security and lack of adequate shelter or in rudimentary emergency shelters in spontaneous sites that lack even the most basic facilities like water, sanitation, health nor offer protection from the extreme heat and rain.",7
5361,"As a result of seasonal dry weather, low water tables have heightened competing demands for water among humans and animals, and the scarce water sources available are being over-used. In Eastern Equatoria the regional drought is causing additional strain, with low food and water availability causing population displacements. While populations would traditionally move towards northern Kenya and Ethiopia, access to these routes are currently limited due to insecurity along the Ethiopian border and drought affecting the Turkana area of Kenya. With limited options for accessing water and food, populations are now under severe strain. The most significantly affected county is Kapoeta, where at least two adults, both women, were reported to have died from hunger as they were travelling towards Kenya in search of food. The dry season in South Sudan typically lasts from November until March, though may extend as far as until May. A prolonged dry season will have devastating consequences on the already limited water and food security in the country, and will likely result in drought conditions in several states. Extremely dry weather and drought is likely to result in increased inter-communal conflict as populations migrate in search water. This is aniticipated to be a particular issue in Jonglei state, which is home to a significan cattle-keeping community. Disputes traditionally arise as a result of competition for water and pasture for livestock.The current harsh dry weather experienced in South Sudan has yet to reach drought levels, but is considered a particularly severe dry season. One exception is in Kapoeta, Eastern Equatoria, where the regional drought is having severe consequences for people and livelihoods. The drought being experienced in Kapoeta has resulted in migration of the communities with their livestock in search of water and pasture towards the borders to Uganda, Ethiopia and Kenya.This is impacting negatively on the water sources as livestock and humans compete for the limited facilities that are functional.",11
3633,The sharp rise in meat prices brought out an angry crowd in Tobruk demanding a boycott of butchers until the cost is cut.,3
7548,"In a recent report, the group documented more than 5,000 cases of enforced disappearance and arbitrary detention in 2016 alone, including that of 118 children and 20 women. Politicians are targeted most, with 1,032 disappeared. At least 703 activists and 297 academics have been taken. Moreover, 1,772 ordinary citizens are known to have been 'disappeared'. ",9
1176,"There has been a marked increase in violent attacks on health care in Syria, according to a monthly report from the health cluster based in Gaziantep, Turkey.In February, a total of 43 incidents of violence against health care facilities, services and workers were reported, of which 39 were verified by external monitors and 4 are still being verified. That compares to 31 incidents last month, of which 28 were verified.In all, the 67 verified attacks on health facilities and workers in the first two months of this year amount to more than 50% of verified attacks in all of 2017, which totaled 112.Of Februaryâ??s verified incidents, 28 were in eastern Ghouta, 10 in Idleb and 1 in Homs. The attacks targeted 20 hospitals, 16 health facilities, two ambulance stations and one medical supplies warehouse.These unacceptable attacks resulted in the deaths of 19 people, among them four health workers. The attacks also left 28 people injured, 7 of them medical staff.And as always, the impact is devastating: in the month of February, we can estimate that these attacks disrupted 15,000 medical consultations of people in desperate need of care and nearly 1,500 surgeries, many of which could have been life-saving. ",4
8860,"The 1,324 cases of sexual and gender-based violence that were reported in the first half of 2017 are the tip of the iceberg of aggressions that largely go unreported and unchecked. These chiefly affect women and girls, who represent 95 per cent of the reported cases, while 19 per cent are children. Women havebeen attacked in and outside the PoC sites, facing increased risk as they venture to collect firewood, water and basic resources for their families’ survival. As displaced communities settle far from towns, in makeshift dwellings without proper privacy and protection, women and girls are further exposed to sexual violence. Pervasive gender-based violence consists not only of rape or sexual assault, which represented 18 per cent of the reported cases in 2017, but also harmful traditional practices, including early and/or forced marriages that make up 12 per cent of the cases.",9
7658,"In Homs governorate, over a period of 20 days this month, ISIL reportedly executed at least 128 people in reprisal killings, accusing them of collaboration with the Syrian government.",9
11939,"One of the residents of the area told Radio Dabanga that 10 out of the 15 pumps in the area are not operating as a result of the depth of the groundwater, lack of maintenance, and the emptiness of Abu Zirega reservoir due to the lack of rain last year.",11
3638,"Refugees stay for long periods of time in common dorms which does not ensure proper privacy. Also, assistance provided in transit structures in terms of healthcare, sanitation and food is conceived for short periods of time, not for prolonged stay, which increase discomfort.",11
10825,"Access to water Rainfall received across ASAL counties eased the strain of accessing water for both domestic and livestock use. In most semi-arid counties the distances to water sources are at or slightly above the long term mean. However despite a reduction in average return distances to the main water sources in November compared to October, the current distances are still above the long term mean in counties such as: Garissa, Kilifi, Tana River, Kajiado, Taita Taveta, Makueni and Mandera, implying that recharge of surface water sources such as pans and dams in these areas was below normal For instance, in Garissa, the average return distance from household to water sources reduced from 14 km in October to 6 km in November, but the current distance is above the long term average (LTA) of 3.7 km. In Kajiado, the average household distance to water decreased from 6.4 km in October to 5.2 km, while the average distance for livestock fell from 10.3 km to 8.0, however both were above the LTA of 4.4 km and 6.0 km for households and livestock respectively",11
10721,"The commissioner of Duk Panyang County in Jonglei State has expressed his concern over acute shortages of water in his county, saying most boreholes broke down since 2013. Commissioner Peter Latjor told Radio Tamazuj on Thursday that they were 16 boreholes in his area but 8 broke down since 2013. The local official pointed out lack of boreholes is causing conflict among the locals in the area.",11
9456,"In fact, in 43% of locations most returnees are unemployed. Main sources of income for returnees are public sector jobs and pensions, and over 55% of households also have to rely on informal commerce/irregular daily labor. Accordingly, returnees mostly need information on livelihoods and food distribution. anbar",5
11300,"Incidence as well as the case-fatality ratio in DR-Congo have remained relatively high since the beginning of 2017. The most affected areas are: Tanganyika, with several Health Zones, as well as provinces alongside the Congo river, up to Kongo central. Neighboring countries are also reporting uncontrolled outbreaks: Angola with three areas with confirmed cholera cases (Soyo district, Zaire province (North West) - date of onset 13/12/2016, located in the border with DRC) and Zambia where the MOH have reported a cumulative 67 cholera cases between 14 Feb. and 27 March 2017, located in Nchelenge and Chiengi Districts, Luapula Province, bordering the DRC and lake Mweru.",4
7006,"The Western Bank of former Upper Nile state is experiencing Emergency (IPC Phase 4) food insecurity, mainly in Manyo, Panyikang, and Fashoda where large displacements have occurred due to ongoing armed conflict. This has resulted in disruptions to livelihoods, markets, and access to humanitarian assistance",3
943,"Water remains a major concern for these new IDPs. On Tuesday, the people in and around the nearby town of Aburoc only had access to about 16,000 gallons of water per day. This is only an average of less than half a gallon per person, well below the amount needed for survival. On Wednesday, there were no deliveries of water because of the fighting. Water trucks are on hand to resume limited deliveries, but only if the situation becomes safer.",11
11160,"Deliberate killings of civilians  WOMEN AND GIRLS ABDUCTED, SEXUALLY ASSAULTED WARRING SIDES USING FOOD AS A WEAPON OF WAR",9
11836,"Approx. 6,600 conflict-induced displacements occurred in February 2018. These have mainly been driven by non-state actors who con?nue to recruit child soldiers causing communi?es to flee their homes in order to protect their children. The presence of mines and Explosive Remnants of War (ERWs) is a concern, and incidents of Gender-Based Violence (GBV) con?nue to be reported, especially in IDP sites.",9
2875,"A coalition airstrike killed nine family members in their house - three women and six children - on 4 August in Mahda district, on the outskirts of the northern city of Sa’ada. Another airstrike reportedly hit a car carrying civilians in Rahzi district, killing three and wounding seven.",9
7699,"According to the 2017 FAO/WFP CFSAM report, the drought has impacted food consumption scores of households in the affected areas, with approximately about 900 000 people estimated to face food insecurity, mostly concentrated in the districts of Kurunegala, Moneragale, Vavuniya, Mannar and Jaffna",3
11058,"current operational context in the Gaza Strip where restrictions related to eleven years of blockade, political uncertainty, dilapidated public infrastructure and a devastated economy continue to form the backdrop of life for 1.9 million people, 1.3 of whom are Palestine refugees.",5
10276,"However, there is concern that response needs in Michika and Madagali LGAs of Adamawa State are much greater than the assistance provided there, which reached approximately 43,000 people. ",3
5842,Initial findings from the joint assessment mission state the majority or new arrivals in Sourou are women and children (80%) who showed signs of fatigue and stress. 10 unaccompanied children have already been identified and pre-registered. One woman gave birth to her baby under a mango tree upon their arrival in Chad.,9
9850," Minimal (IPC Phase 1) outcomes are expected to persist through January 2018. However, localized areas, mainly in Bugesera and Rusizi districts, had below-average crop production due to lower rainfall, and some poor households there are likely to face Stressed (IPC Phase 2) outcomes through January 2018.",3
2446,"Women and children represent about 80 per cent of the approximately 10,000 refugees registered so far in eastern Nigeria’s Cross River state. Thousands more are among the population of unregistered Cameroonians in neighbouring states. Some of these are boys and girls who fled to Nigeria alone. Unaccompanied and separated children are particularly affected by difficult access to food and the lack of subsistence opportunities.",5
9518,"With the persistence of the maize export ban in  Zambia, the main source of imports for maize deficit  region’s in the country will remain international  imports, including those supplies re-exported from  South Africa. Maize supplies are expected to be  constrained through the lean season and prices will  remain well above average across the region,  especially in Malawi and Mozambique. ",3
1511,"Increasing number of cases of profound stress and exhaustion by IDPs while in a state of protracted displacement have been observed, including among children / learnersIDPs in the evacuation center and the interior barangays of the municipality of Pantar experience lack of health services, such as doctors, medical staff and medicines.More IDP children in several evacuation centers and host municipalities (e.g. Kauswagan) experience skin problems / rashes. Cases of malnutrition and parasite infection have also been reported",8
9608,"There are urgent needs for shelter and NFI assistance due to the sudden increase in the number of refugees (ECHO 28/12/2016). Movement towards makeshift camps, registered camps, and city areas have increased. As a result, registered camps have been expanded and more than a dozen makeshift camps have been created by refugees. Although markets are selling tarpaulin, bamboo, and rope, many families cannot afford all necessary items (OCHA 16/01/2017; Al Jazeera 17/01/2017). Some camps are being set up in illegal areas and risk being taken down (Daily Star 10/01/2017).",10
7798,"The quake killed 9,000 people and destroyed nearly one million homes, monuments and other structures, but reconstruction has been slow and the government's attention has been diverted by a prolonged political crisis",1
5586,"FAO anticipates an unfavorable 2017 gu harvest due to the poor and erratic rains, which would further compound an already d ire food security situation. FEWS NET estimates that the gu harvest will be up to 60 percent below average, resulting in continued Emergency—IPC 4 —levels of acute food insecurity through at least September.",0
8946,"While conducting research for the report, Amnesty International staff saw first-hand a border guard kicking a Rohingya man at a checkpoint, and documented at least one case of an extrajudicial execution, when BGP officers shot dead a 23-year-old man travelling during curfew hours.  During the violence in 2012, tens of thousands of Rohingya were driven out of urban areas in Rakhine State, in particular the state capital Sittwe. Today some 4,000 remain in the town where they live in a ghetto-like area sealed off with barbed wire barricades and police checkpoints. They are at risk of arrest or violence from the surrounding community if they try to leave.",9
8207,"Yemen's national blood bank may be forced to close due to a lack of money after an international medical charity decided to end two years of support, the director of the blood bank said.But the U.N. World Health Organization (WHO) said it was trying to help by sending further supplies.Patients suffering diseases including thalassaemia, cancer and kidney failures, as well as victims of a two-year civil war in which more than 10,000 people have been killed, would be affected if the bank closed, officials said.",9
5570,"Three distinct Cholera outbreaks have been declared in Northeast Nigeria in 2018 so far. 2 060 cases and 30 deaths have been reported in Bauchi, Borno and Yobe States.",4
10338,"Malawi, which was hit by a crippling drought last year, has become the third southern African nation to report an outbreak of armyworms, a voracious pest that devours maize and other crops.",0
9189,"On 17 March 2018, the Ministry of Health officially declared an outbreak of monkeypox in Bambari district, more specifically in the sub-district of Ippy. The index case devloped symptoms on 2 March 2018. The last suspected case was notified on 16 March 2018. As of 25 March 2018, a total of eight cases with zero deaths (case fatality rate 0%) have been reported since the start of the outbreak. Four of the eight cases (50%) were male; all cases were over 5 years of age. As of 25 March 2018, three patients were hospitalized. Laboratory samples were collected from all patients and have been tested by Institut Pasteur in Bangui. Six of the eight suspected cases have tested positive for monkeypox virus. One contact of a case developed suspicious lesions and laboratory confirmation is pending.",4
7408,"Strike in northwest Syria kills 20, including 16 children Syrians gather in solidarity with the people in the rebel-held enclave of Eastern Ghouta during a demonstration in Idlib against government bombardments (AFP) The observatory said the strike hit near a checkpoint held by Hayat Tahrir al-Sham, a militant group that consists largely of ex-members of a former Al-Qaeda affiliate",9
11304, More than 411.000 school age children have been displaced since November 2016 due to drought and conflict. ,2
2289,"More than 3000 IDPs in Gemeza in dire need of humanitarian aid Terekeka state officials say more than 3,000 internally displaced people from neighbouring Jonglei state have arrived to the state fleeing recent communal fighting in their areas. Lado Philip, Information Minister of Terekeka State told Radio Tamazuj on Friday that since last week 3,200 IDPs now in Gemeza County are in dire need of humanitarian assistance. He called on the national and Jonglei state governments to intervene and improve security in Jonglei to avoid further displacement of people, saying they have no facilities to host the IDPs. Phillip further called on aid organizations to quickly intervene to avert a humanitarian crisis in the region.",1
2450,115 patients linelisted to date.61 in Kakuma linelist and 54 in the Kalobeyei linelist.This last week has seen only 25 additional patients from previous week.7 from Kakuma;26 from Kalobeyei and 2 from host community. ,4
8553,This widespread dietary deterioration raises serious concerns of having a dire effect in terms of nutrition and health.,8
6492,"As of 18 December, health partners reported 1,841 suspected cases of diphtheria among the Rohingya refugees, with 22 deaths recorded. The outbreak is primary in the Balukali makeshift and extension camps. Cases are also being reported from the Kutupalong extension, Thangkhali, Jamtoli, and Nyapara camps, where malnutrition, low routine immunization coverage, and poor access to clean water and sanitation facilities remain key concerns. A vaccination campaign is ongoing for over 400,000 children under 15 years old. Since August, 655,000 refugees crossed from Rakhine State (Myanmar) to Bangladesh. As of 26 December, the US$434 million Rohingya Refugee Crisis Humanitarian Response Plan is only 49.5 per cent funded.",4
1580,"Chad, Mauritania and Senegal are likely to have low vegetation production due to unfavourable rainfall in agro-pastoral zones, indicating a strong possibility of an early and prolonged lean season in 2018, Action Contre la Faim said in 19 October report. Herds are likely to begin their transhumance early in search of pasture and water, which may exacerbate tensions between agricultural and pastoral communities. Livestock will also likely be dependent on animal feed for a longer period than normal during the coming dry season and as a result, feed may become scarce or more expensive.",3
2981,The HPA agencies identified specific concerns given the challenging baseline situation in Timor-Leste: ? 70% of the population rely on rain fed subsistence agriculture ? 41% of the total population lives below the international poverty line ? 50.2% of children under 5 are stunted and 37.7 underweight  ,0
1681,"At present, hundreds of thousands of ex tremely vulner- able households remain exposed to the fast-approaching hurr icane season in June, leav ing them at r isk not only of recurrent displacement, but also of injury or worse. Of par ticular concern is the number of schools and public buildings that are normally used as evacuation centers that remain damaged or destroyed. At the time of RI’s v isit, insufficient progress had been made on rehabilita-    tion of schools or other collective centers. Nor did it appear that sufficient effor ts had been taken to address the return of displaced families to at-r isk areas.",2
995,"At the end of November, the UN in Viet Nam estimated that approx. US$54 million humanitarian funding is required for water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH), food security and livelihoods, and shelter activities. ",10
4400," Following an intense conflict at the Moria hotspot, on Lesvos, Greece on 25 May 2018, which left at least 70 people injured, a group of nearly 1,000 people, including families with young children, fled the violence and sought protection in other areas of Lesbos. This led to other facilities being overcrowded despite the efforts of civil society organisations and residents. Around 600 people went to a makeshift camp in the Larsos area, while another 300 were taken to the former PIKPA children’s camps.",10
7025,"Since 28 May, three districts reported for the first time (a total of 5 cases in three governorates). During the same period, 6 150 cases and 23 deaths of cholera were reported in 19 governorates and 193 districts (see table 2). The highest number of cases were reported in Amanat Al Asimah, Al Hudaydah and Amran governorates, and in the districts of Al Hali (Al Hudaydah gov., 440 cases), Maqbanah (Taizz gov., 258 cases), Bani Al Harith (Amanat Al Asimah gov., 242 cases), and Al Hawak (Al Hudaydah gov., 237 cases). ",4
8662,"Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes are likely in parts of northeastern, southern, and central Somalia in early to mid 2017, following two consecutive poor seasons. Local staple cereal prices have significantly increased in several areas, and livestock prices and wage labor have declined, lowering food access. If the 2017 Gu season is below average, as forecast, further deterioration in food security is likely by July. Upcoming lean season for pastoral communities from January to March 2017. Situation in July 2017 worse than July 2016",3
6541,"ropical Cyclone Dineo hit coastal Inhambane Province on February 15, and according to preliminary estimates, the category 3 cyclone affected nearly 551,000 people and destroyed 27,000 hectares of crops. ",0
7977,"Recent statements related to the potential for an offensive military operation near the ports of Al Hudaydah and Salif raise concerns that imports through these major ports could be halted in the near term. In a worst-case scenario, significant declines in commercial imports below requirement levels and conflict that cuts populations off from trade and humanitarian assistance for an extended period of time could drive food security outcomes in line with Famine (IPC Phase 5).",3
3695,"Thousands of refugees from South Kordofan have arrived in Pamir camp in South Sudan, after being forced to leave Yida camp because of a shortage of food. ",3
10980,State of emergency declared in Portoviejo due to heavy rainsPortoviejo authorities declared a state of emergency due to the rains which have affected at least 78 areas of the canton.,10
10086,"In East Jebel Marra, South Darfur, an interagency assessment was organized in Leiba village where there are around 28,000 internally displaced people of which about 13,440 of whom are children. This was the first time aid agencies have been able to access Leiba in seven years. The assessment identified the need for health, food security, education, water and protection interventions for 45,000 people including the host community members.",1
11785,"In Logone and Chari department, 15 out of the 43 schools that were shut down remained closed as of end October. The 28 schools that reopened in this department have enrolled over 5,827 children (2,363 girls and 3,464 boys). Some of the gaps identified in these schools include 89 teachers, 4,080 school benches, 94 classrooms, 5,950 readings books, 24 water points and 48 latrines. On the other hand in Kolofata, Mayo Sava department, only one school out of a planned 44 reopened due to security reasons. Overall number of reopened schools in Far North region is 32, while 92 schools remain closed.",11
11234,"Large-scale military offensives continue to give rise to concerns about civilian safety, not least through possible exposure to explosive remnants of war. Further concerns include possible limitations on civilians’ freedom of movement and reprisal attacks in the case of the abandonment of captured towns.",9
10087,"as physical access in certain communities remains limited, the displaced populations are without any assistance, despite their urgent needs for food and other basic relief items. Greater efforts to ensure security and humanitarian access in the area are vital.",1
5150,"The situation becomes more complex considering that more than 1.8 million children in Yemen are suffering from acute malnutrition and are more vulnerable to cholera/AWD, and therefore their diagnosis and treatment is more challenging",8
6955,"In Tourou, Hilé Alifa, Makary and Kousseri, several families told Crisis Group they cannot pay and their children are working in markets. Djene Abouga, the president of a women’s association in Kousseri, said some girls have turned to prostitution or begun relationships with much older local men.  ",5
10117,"Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and intersex (LGBTI) persons face high levels of attacks and discrimination in Guatemala based on their sexual orientation or gender identity. Amnesty International is disappointed at Guatemala’s rejection of eight recommendations to end discrimination against LGBTI persons,5 and strongly urges the State to adopt and implement policies to prevent all forms of violence against them.",9
3361,"Since they began arriving in late August, Bangladesh authorities have reported 5,181 cases of diarrhea, 10,846 cases of respiratory problems, and 3,422 cases of skin diseases among newly arrived refugees – although the real number seems likely far higher.UNHCR, the UN Refugee Agency, is very concerned that the lack of clean water and the unsanitary conditions that prevail in the vast tangle of informal camps and settlements could erupt at any time into a full-blown health crisis.",4
6391,"In Egypt, there are 1.6 million children involved in hazardous work, and poverty continues to prevent their access to education",9
6997,Small scale breeding in Red Sea. Small second instar hopper band was reported near the Eritrean border. Adult groups copulating at a few places southwest of Abu Hamed. Small scale breeding is likely to increase on the Red Sea costal plains. Some groups could come from Eritrea. Small-scale hatching is likely in the Nile Valley.,5
137,"• As can be seen on the map (left), there was an unprecedented spike in conflict activity in Duma between 3 and 8 April, following an offensive on Eastern Ghouta that began on 18 February. Since then, there has been mass displacement out of the whole of Eastern Ghouta to northwestern Syria. Since 9 March, approximately 150,000 individuals have reportedly been displaced.9 During this time, over 90,000 people have been displaced to IDP sites in neighbouring communities, while around 80,000 others have been evacuated to opposition areas in Idleb and northern rural Aleppo in northwestern Syria.10 The primary needs of these individuals have been identified by the IDP Situation Monitoring Initiative (ISMI) as: shelter, food, non-food items (NFIs), and healthcare.11",7
5684,"Prices of livestock declined in recent months and animal body conditions deteriorated. In December 2016, Marsabit, Mandera, Garissa, and Tana River prices of goats were 15-30% lower than December 2015",5
367,"The past three decades have not been kind to the residents of Keerni in the foothills of the Himalayas. The village in Indias Poonch district, in Jammu and Kashmir state, sits on the disputed line of control between India and Pakistan, and people and cattle have often been maimed or killed in crossfire or by landmines.",5
9715,"Militiamen shot dead a man, and cuttheear of another in Kutum in North Darfur on Sunday. On Saturday, two men were abducted from the Kutum Market. A group of militiamen robbed the passengers of a commercial vehicle on the Kutum-El Fasher road. Another group stole goats from displaced in Kutum. ",9
9064,"Rarotonga is now on Level 3 Water Warning for drought and all residents are requested to cooperate with the Drought Management Plan actions in order to conserve the available water supply. Level 1 is normal and Level 5 is a severe emergency. The triggers for Level 3 are any of the following conditions - continuous below average rainfall extending from previous month, stream flow below 50% capacity, reticulation pressure readings below 50% capacity, residential/community water storage below 50% of capacity, tourist storage below 50% of capacity, low rainfall forecast for the next month.",0
2198,"Reduced agricultural output and economic downturn • The 2017 main season is estimated to have decreased compared to last year’s near-average level, due to water deficits. • As a result, most households are anticipated to continue to experience borderline or poor food consumption rates.",11
73,"Consequently, more than 70% of Syrians in Lebanon do not have legal residence, and the number is as high as 90% in the Bekaa21. As the majority has not been able to renew official papers, a “large undocumented population” is “pushed underground”22 with fewer births and deaths being registered",9
9633,"Outbreaks of communicable diseases, especially cholera and measles, are ongoing. In week 45 (week ending 12 November 2017), 66 new suspected cholera cases were reported from Juba and Budi. Since the start of the current outbreak on 18 June 2016, a cumulative total of 21 530 cases, including 461 deaths (case fatality rate 2.1%), were reported. Following the confirmation of a measles outbreak in Panyijiar when five cases tested measles IgM positive in week 42, a total of 204 cases including four deaths (case fatality rate 1.9%) have been reported since week 26 of 2017. A vaccination campaign has been completed in the county. In addition, there are an increasing number of cases of kala-azar reported from the traditionally endemic areas in Balliet County.",4
8343,"The civil war has seen thousands of people killed and millions displaced. It's also had a major impact on education, with 1.8 million, or 70 percent of school-going age children not getting any education.",2
9722,"The weekly average of settler attacks resulting in Palestinian casualties or property damage since the beginning of 2018, witnessed a 50 and 67 per cent increase compared to 2017 and 2016, respectively.",5
6652,"In addition to key priorities, improve ambulance services and referral system, support health emergency response, maintainance of medical equipments, strengthening the health information management system and early warning alert and response network.",4
3225,"In January, 106 cases of gender-based violence were reported in the western Lac region, mostly physical assaults (33 per cent) and resource deprivation (27 per cent). All victims received psychosocial support, but very few received medical and legal assistance. In 2017, 2,270 cases of sexual and gender-based violence were reported. Comprehensive care for victims is a persisting challenge. In 2018, the main challenge is access to justice for victims of GBV. Impunity, weak legal system and cultural barriers hamper justice to victims. Access to healthcare services is also extremely limited and the number of mobile clinics has fallen due to lack of funding.",9
593,"The last ten days have seen important developments in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC): the end of the DR Congo Catholic Church’s attempts to implement its 31 December agreement, more violence in the Kasai provinces, a new UN Security Council resolution, and a speech by President Kabila announcing the imminent appointment of a new prime minister. How are all these connected? ",9
9281,"In South Kordofan’s Abu Jabeiha town, the GoS Commission of Refugees and UNICEF are conducting emergency water trucking and distributing emergency relief commodities for newly arrived refugees In addition, the GoS Ministry of Health—with support from the UN World Health Organization (WHO) and the NGO Pancare—began supporting mobile health clinics in early May to provide critical services for refugees in the town. ",11
9229,"Respiratory tract infections (32%), watery diarrhoea (9%) and malaria (8%) are the leading causes of no outbreak reported in any of the refugee camps . morbidity, with",4
8313,Poor households in some production-deficit regions are facing reduced food access due to low livestock prices and the national economic crisis. Insecurity and displacement continue to impact food security outcomes in western Chad.,3
6835,"With regards to safe water, civilians in Afrin town and surrounding communities continue to rely on water trucking services, as water through the network remains unavailable. Repair work of the pumping station at the Midanki dam remains ongoing with reports indicating that it will come into service soon.",11
1627,"Israel is known to regularly abuse and torture Palestinian prisoners, including children and those on hunger strike, many of whom have been sentenced to decades in jail, even if not for life.",9
10826,"Measles-outbreak, 7 children suffering from the disease in SheraniRafiullah Mandokhail  ZHOB: At least seven cases of measles have been reported in far-flung mountainous areas Lagharai Bayanzai and Zharbazhai Sherani – lacking health facilities. Hajra, Rehmatullah, Asia, Abida, Abdul Khaliq and Bibi are suffering from the disease for few days.  The area people alleged that the entire focus of the government and Health department was on the anti-polio campaign, while no measures were being taken to prevent other viral diseases.",4
7290,"'We have shared everything we have, but now we need food, soap and medicine…everything would be helpful'.",3
11078," Food Security Outlook   The overall high food prices compounded by the continued macro-economic crisis have reduced purchasing power and increased the number of people who are unable to meet their daily food needs. The retail prices of staples are likely to remain at elevated levels for a few months, until the next harvest comes in. This will continue to adversely affect household purchasing power and the food security situation of market dependent households.  ",3
9493,"At least 282 families in the northern Uige province were left homeless due to the rains that hit the region from January to February this year, Angop has learnt.The source mentioned 232 residences in the municipality of Maquela do Zombo and 49 others in Uíge, as having been destroyed.",10
5022,"There is an urgent need to scale up the activities of the WASH cluster to respond to the multiple humanitarian crisis in DRC. Increasing operational capacity and presence of emergency WASH actors is urgently required to respond to the humanitarian crisis, above all in the Great Kasai where only 6 WASH actors are providing assistance to 280,000 people and in Kalemie where more than 80% of the IDP’s do not have access to safe drinking water.",11
7584,"“In general, education has been highly affected because now learners in these areas are not going to classes due to impassable roads and the fact that displaced people are temporarily sheltering in three schools,” said Kumikundi.",10
8500,"Heavy rains caused floods, causing extensive damage to crops and infrastructure in Sierra Leone, Niger, Côte d'Ivoire, The Gambia, Guinea Bissau and Benin.",5
9768,"On 01 January 2018, the Low Pressure Area (LPA) east southeast of Surigao City has developed into a Tropical Depression and was named 'Agaton'. Which heavily affected the Regions of MIMAROPA, Region VI, Region VII, Region VIII and CARAGA.18,513 families or 83,772 persons are affected in 267 barangays in Regions MIMAROPA, VI, VII, VIII, X, and CARAGA (see Table 1; details are in Annex A).A total of 303 families or 1,198 persons are currently staying inside 10 evacuation centers in Regions VI, VII, and X (see Table 2; details are in Annex B).A total of 86 families or 280 persons are currently staying with relatives in Region VI (see Table 3; details are in Annex B).There is a total of 138 damaged houses; of which, 36 are totally damaged, while 102 are partially damaged (see Table 4; details are in Annex C).",10
11069,"On 11th of March territory of the Donetska Filter station (DFS) continued to remain under the shelling and, as a result, at 15:45 (Donetsk time) DFS was de energized.  Power Line, which supplies electricity to the DFS, Avdiivka and Coke plant (AKHZ), was damaged.",11
7299,"Though casual agriculture labor is the most important source of income, households are also obtaining income from remittances, livestock sales, and non-farm labor. However, these sources are expected to be below normal through the projected period. Non-farm labor opportunities are expected to be down due to lack of disposable income as middle and better off households prioritize paying for agriculture based labor. At the same time, households have been selling livestock for the past two consecutive droughts hence their numbers have dwindled especially for very poor and poor households. In this regard, income remains below average in Lesotho resulting in limited food purchases which could be contributing to high food consumption gaps.",5
728,"A fresh cholera outbreak has been confirmed in two departments of Congo, along Congo River at the border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Initial investigation indicates that the initial cases travelled from the Democratic Republic of the Congo. While the national authorities and partners have mounted a response to this outbreak, the interventions need to be particularly robust in order to contain the event as it starts. Critical interventions include strengthening epidemiological surveillance and laboratory diagnostic capacity, enhanced health promotion and community engagement, and improved coordination of response interventions. Provision of adequate resources, including human, financial and logistical, is paramount at this stage. Lastly, cross-border collaboration, at the technical and political levels, is essential. In addition, the result of the antibiotic susceptibility pattern released by the LNSP, indicating multi-drug resistance, is worrying and calls for further analysis of the strain of V. cholerae isolated in Mpouya, including advance genomic assay.",4
4080,"For the 6.7 million refugees worldwide who have been displaced for more than 5 years, the profile of health needs has begun to more closely reflect that of their host country’s population, as behaviors adapt to the local environments over time. In the case of Syrian refugees in Jordan, Lebanon, and Turkey, in 2010 (before the influx of refugees), NCDs accounted for 77% to 90% of mortality in the region, while the rate in Syria was estimated at 80%. In Lebanon, 43% of men and 27% of women smoke tobacco,11 per capita alcohol consumption is 2.4 liters per year,12 37% are overweight, 28% are obese, and 68.7% are physically inactive.Thus, Syrians who were already highly affected by NCDs before displacement are now living in environments that continue to support unhealthy behaviors and are likely to provide less support to mitigating or managing those diseases. ",4
773,"The population in IDP sites continues to remain stable, with limited new arrivals registered in Areesha, Al Hol (IDP phase) and Ain Issa IDP sites, largely originating from the areas of Deir-ez-Zor governorate where hostilities against ISIL are underway. The IDP population in some of the sites located in Hassakeh still largely consists of IDPs from Deir-ez-Zor governorate. Due to scarce coverage and presence of partners, the protection sector has a limited overview of the overall protection situation in Deir-ez-Zor governorate, including on patterns of displacement. Returns of IDPs from the existing sites to Ar-Raqqa and Deir-ez-Zor governorates continue. Movements remain limited and in line with earlier intention surveys conducted in the IDP sites (see previous reports). While there are no indications that these return are involuntary, in many occasions, they affect only some family members. Information on the reintegration challenges in areas or origin seem to be reaching the IDPs and determine their choice to stay or return. In addition, protection actors operating in the IDP sites continue to interact with the displaced population, disseminating messages on the principles of voluntary, well informed and safe return, and advocating for the importance of attending explosive hazards Risk Education session offered by trained partners in IDP sites.",9
2528,"Discrimination against individuals with diverse sexual orientations and gender identities (SOGI) in Ukraine is widespread, w ith several dozen hate crimes and incidents reported each year. Almost 30% of all hate crimes reported in 2015 were based on SOGI , and almost 50% of violent attacks were motivated by the vict im’s real or perceived SOGI ",9
5616,The snowfall has resulted in road blockages and the affected areas are remote and very hard to access. ,1
2793,"Routine vaccination rates are reported to be very low in northern Rakhine (e.g. <70% coverage against measles 1 or 2), a reflection of a higher risk of outbreaks from expanded program on immunizationassociated diseases. • Sub-optimal hygiene, water and sanitation, and shelter, increases risk of water-borne and vector-borne diseases, while reproductive health remains a major public health issue. • Cholera is known to be endemic in Bangladesh2 and the risk of cholera epidemic among refugees can be considered high. • Traumatic injuries and gender based violence are being reported. • There is concern for nutritional status of younger children.",11
4914,"More than 30,000 people forced to flee an upsurge in violence in the Central Africa Republic to seek refuge in Chad, face hunger and destitution without urgent humanitarian assistance, the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) warned today.",3
10289,"The Malakal Protection of Civilian site (PoC) was created at the beginning of 2014 to offer temporary protection to the population of the area who were caught up in fighting in South Sudan´s Upper Nile region. But four years on, the difficult living conditions, the loss of hope, feelings of enclosure, as well as limited livelihood opportunities have had an effect on the mental health of those who are trapped inside. For most, leaving the site is not an option.MSF runs mental health services within the PoC. In 2017, there were 31 attempted and seven successful suicides. At the end of the year there was a spike of 10 attempted suicides in one month.“Much of the population face chronically depressing circumstances,” says Dr Ramakrishnan. “Most men won´t leave the camp as they are afraid they will be attacked or forced to join an armed group.” ",4
6536,HEV can also be transmitted through contaminated food or water sources to humans and other animals or via a faecal–oral route within animal species or from animals to humans (zoonosis) through infectious body fluids.,11
10724,"As of 5th Mar 2018, a total of 107 cases and 28 deaths (Iyire 23(9) and Imurok 84(19)) have been reported from these two locations.",4
9799,"Some of these locations were designed as collective shelters. Other schools and educational facilities that are also being used as shelters have broken doors and windows, and non-functional water and sanitation facilities.",10
8865,"Wau town continues to experience a critical water shortage as the Wau Urban Water System remains closed due fuel for operation being unavailable. Meanwhile, the water situation in Juba has improved as a result of increased access to fuel. Two water treatment plants are now operating at about 50 per cent capacity, and water trucking to the UN House Protection of Civilians (PoC) site is ongoing.",11
6473,"Lack of adequate sanitary and other infrastructure at crossing points, and exposure to landmines can make an already grueling crossing – often involving long waits in freezing or hot temperatures – dangerous for civilians,",9
6403,"Result from rains and floods as June 6:   Piura: 547,006 children affected 1´678,446 people affected 147 deaths 57,270 collapsed/uninhabitable houses 330,341 affected houses 260 collapsed/uninhabitable schools 2,768 affected schools 68 collapsed/uninhabitable health facilities ",10
11188,"Humanitarian needs in western Mosul remain high, with shortages of food and water being reported. Although some areas of western Mosul are accessible to humanitarian partners, regular water supply has been very severely impact by the conflict resulting in serious shortages of water supplies of acceptable quality.",10
7596,"Activists want a thorough investigation into the killing of a land rights activist in Myanmar, and greater protection of land defenders, amid a sharp increase in territorial disputes.About 70 percent of Myanmar's population lives in rural areas and depends on agriculture for a living.Few farmers in Myanmar have formal documents for their land, and even formal titles do not provide adequate protection, according to advocacy group Global Witness.Disputes over land have increased significantly since the easing of political and economic restrictions after 2011, which led to a rush of foreign investments and greater demand for land for industrial use.",9
10861,Eight people have died from cholera in Garissa and neighbouring Madogo division of Tana River county.“Over 90 per cent of all the cases at the Garissa County Referral Hospital isolation unit are from Tana River. We suspect residents are using contaminated water.'Health Chief Officer Mohamed Farah said on Wednesday that 290 people had been diagnosed and treated in two weeks.Farah added the disease may have been spread by casual workers from Madogo who go to the town on a daily basis to eke out a living.Farah ruled out the possibility that last year’s cholera outbreak could have originated from the vast Dadaab refugee camp. ,11
10314,"It is estimated that 3,511 minefields, 309 battlefields and 52 contaminated firing ranges remain throughout the country, which affects 1,500 communities. These impacted communities are spread out in 256 districts, in 33 out of 34 provinces, affecting an estimated 910,000 people (figures from UNMAS).",9
8867,"Most newly arrived refugees are heavily dependent on humanitarian assistance to meet their basic food needs. Although refugees are given plots for cultivation, those who came in the most recent wave arrived after planting for second season production. The majority left behind assets in South Sudan and lack typical access to income-earning opportunities now that they reside in the refugee settlements. It is likely most have minimally adequate food consumption with ongoing assistance, but are unable to afford essential non-food expenditures and are Stressed (IPC Phase 2!). ",3
5620,"The price rise is because has been brought about by lack of security, robberies and the diversion of fuel to be smuggled across the border to Niger and Chad. The high prices being paid on the black market in turn spurred further thefts. Earlier this month a convoy of six fuel trucks with 250,000 litres of diesel heading to Sebha were hijacked near Mizda; the drivers were later released after the hijackers took the diesel – as well as the drivers’ belongings including their mobiles. It is reported that although some of the petrol stations in Sebha – only five out of the 30 or so are still open – are selling petrol when they have it at the official prices, others in the region have joined the bandwagon and are asking the black-market rate.",9
5301,A. Situation Overview The humanitarian situation in Ethiopia is not showing signs of improvement. The 2017 Government-led multi-agency and multi-sector mid-year needs assessment confirmed underperformance of the recent belg harvest and proposed the addition of 1.7 million people to the relief food caseload - pushing the number of relief food beneficiaries to over 9.5 million people.,3
807,"he aim globally has been to eliminate measles. As part of this we launched two large measles vaccination campaigns in Nigeria over the past two years. This contributed to a significant reduction in the case load. But last year there were still cases being reported. This means that either the campaign was not as efficient as we thought it was or there was a problem with the cold chain. But there have been other contributing factors.  The first is malnutrition. Routine immunisation and vaccination campaigns in the North-Eastern parts of Nigeria have been particularly difficult due to the insurgency. These areas have been cut off from the rest of the country. One of the consequences is that children suffer from high levels of chronic under-nutrition.  Measles and malnutrition are a deadly combination. Once a child is malnourished and they contract measles, there is an increased chance that they will die.",8
6673,"'Terrorists continue to target civilians in irregular strikes, even though their capabilities have been largely destroyed. The twin suicide bombings on 15 January at Baghdad’s Tayran Square, which left numerous casualties among innocent workers and passersby, are proof of their indiscriminate disregard for human life,” said the Special Representative of the United Nations Secretary-General (SRSG) for Iraq,",9
4435,"Iraq orders execution of foreign women for IS involvement Iraq has detained hundreds of foreign women allegedly affiliated with the Islamic State (IS) and has sentenced 17 Turkish women to death by hanging. Women from other countries, including France and Germany, also have received death sentences and Baghdad is now facing pressure from those countries to instead extradite the women to their home nations. Humanitarian officials estimate Iraq is holding about 1,700 foreign women and children. Many of the women are accused of being affiliated by marriage to IS fighters or of providing aid. Trials began after military operations ended and the country declared itself liberated from IS on Dec. 9. Just last week, 16 Turkish women were sentenced to die. Others have been sentenced to life in prison. All of their sentences can be appealedv.“There are 509 women of European nationalities who face trials in Iraq, including 300 Turks.”v",9
11276,"Nigeria: Crisis Update Borno and Yobe States - June 2018The humanitarian context in Borno state  Nine years of conflict between the Nigerian military and armed groups in northeast Nigeria has taken a heavy toll on the population with serious humanitarian consequences. According to OCHA, more than 1.7 million people are internally displaced in the north-eastern states of Borno, Adamawa and Yobe. Of these, 78 per cent are living in Borno.  Although the provision of humanitarian assistance has improved, services remain inadequate as security and access issues restrict the delivery of aid. Hundreds of thousands of people remain heavily dependent on aid for their survival. In some places, people have been stranded for over two years with little prospect of returning home. MSF is providing medical care in several locations in Borno and Yobe states. Needs are particularly acute in isolated enclaves outside the Borno state capital, Maiduguri. Any disruption to the provision of assistance in these areas could have deadly implications.  People from across Borno state, as well as refugees from neighbouring Cameroon, continue to arrive – not always by choice – in towns controlled by the military. They have limited freedom to move outside these areas and are dependent on humanitarian assistance to survive. The basic amenities in many towns are already overstretched. Aid needs to be scaled up in these places to reduce health risks to new arrivals and existing populations.  There are parts of Borno and Yobe that we have not been able to reach. We have little information about the needs in these places, and as a medical humanitarian organisation remain concerned about the people living in those areas.  MSF medical priorities and responses  We are providing vital medical care to vulnerable people, including pregnant women. Our teams are running nutrition programmes for malnourished children, providing mental health support, responding to disease outbreaks and providing emergency paediatric care.Although the nutritional situation has generally stabilised in Maiduguri, due to a massive deployment of aid, vulnerable pockets remain.Access to adequate nutrition is more precarious in isolated enclaves, such as Pulka and Rann. Freedom of movement is restricted, which makes farming and fishing difficult, meaning the population is heavily dependent on humanitarian assistance. MSF provides medical aid in these isolated locations, either through permanent health facilities or frequent visits by mobile medical teams.Water and sanitation facilities remain inadequate in several locations. There are severe water shortages in Pulka and Gwoza, where our teams have treated an increasing number of patients suffering from waterborne diseases and skin infections. The approaching rainy season will likely bring a spike in malaria and illnesses linked to poor living conditions, in locations like Rann, Banki and Ngala.Summary  A huge population dependent on assistance  Hundreds of thousands of people remain heavily dependent on humanitarian aid for survival. An increase in the provision of aid has brought relief to accessible areas, but any breach of humanitarian assistance could have devastating consequences.  Some fragile gains, but the emergency is not over  Despite a massive deployment of humanitarian aid, there are still vulnerable pockets, even in Maiduguri. Access to food, water, shelter and medical care remains much more precarious in isolated enclaves like Pulka, Gwoza, Bama, Banki and Rann, which remain under the control of the military. There is limited freedom of movement, and insecurity outside of the enclaves means local people struggle to make a living and lead safe and dignified lives.  Relocations stretching inadequate assistance even further  Refugees have been arriving from neighbouring Cameroon – either by choice or by force – in military controlled enclaves. Humanitarian actors working in these enclaves are not always informed about relocations. Basic amenities in the enclaves are already stretched. Aid must be coordinated and scaled up to mitigate any health risks to the population.  Areas out of reach of assistance  Some parts of Borno state are not accessible to MSF and other aid organisations. MSF is deeply concerned about the people living in these places. There is little knowledge about their medical needs. Patients who have recently left report that no adequate medical care was available in those areas. The civilian population is caught up in a conflict that does not spare humanitarians and medical staff either (see section on Rann below).  MSF is calling for:  Aid to be sustained and increased.Relocations to be safe and voluntary.Provision of food, water, shelter and medical care should be ensured.Provision of humanitarian assistance to anticipate outbreaks of disease, changes in physical conditions (like the Harmattan season) and peaks in hunger levels in the community. The onset of the rainy season brings higher risks of outbreaks such as cholera, hepatitis E and malaria. The water and sanitation infrastructure must be strengthened in order to increase access to clean water to prevent the spread of water-borne diseases.Maiduguri  MSF runs a 100-bed inpatient therapeutic feeding centre (ITFC) in Fori, a southern district of Maiduguri. The centre, which opened in January 2017, treats between 95 and 150 severely malnourished children each month. Patients are treated for medical complications like tuberculosis, cerebral malaria, acute watery diarrhoea and respiratory tract infections. The facility also houses an eight-bed intensive care unit for children in need of close observation and monitoring. The centre is also a referral point for Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM) cases across Maiduguri. From January to March 2018, 327 patients were admitted to the nutrition centre.  MSF also runs an outpatient feeding centre in Fori for cases of Moderate Acute Malnutrition (MAM), and Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM) without complications. Between January and March 2018, 351 patients were admitted onto the programme.  In Gwange district, MSF continues to run an 84-bed facility providing secondary paediatric healthcare for residents of Maiduguri, as well as internally displaced persons (IDPs) from across the region. This facility also has an intensive care unit for children under 15 years old. MSF admitted 1,622 patients and provided 1,661 emergency room consultations between January and March 2018. With the onset of the rainy season, the capacity of the health facility can be expanded for patients with severe malaria and complications.  Monguno  Since the beginning of 2018, Monguno has seen an upsurge in the number of arrivals of IDPs from the surrounding areas and the islands on Lake Chad. According to International Organization for Migration (IOM) estimations in February 2018, 124,000 displaced people in Monguno, who have fled conflict across Borno, are unable to return to their homes. The IDPs in Monguno live in a number of camps.  MSF continues to operate a 54-bed facility for children under 15 years old. Between January and March 2018, MSF admitted 850 patients and provided 1,445 emergency room consultations in this facility.  Ngala  The town, which is situated near the border with Cameroon, was re-taken from armed groups by the Nigerian military in February 2015. Approximately 50,000 IDPs live in Ngala. The military oversees the security of the camp and a token-based system allows people to leave during the day. When MSF started working in Ngala in September 2016, we found an alarming situation where access to food, water, shelter and medical care was extremely limited. This situation has considerably improved and, since February 2017, MSF has had a permanent team in Ngala.  In Ngala, MSF runs a 54-bed inpatient department which includes maternity, delivery and neonatal care services. Teams also provide primary healthcare, blood bank services, nutritional care and outpatient consultations. From January to March 2018, MSF provided 459 inpatient and 9,439 outpatient consultations, 1,925 antenatal consultations and assisted 190 deliveries. Furthermore, 103 and 245 patients were enrolled in the inpatient and outpatient therapeutic feeding centres respectively.  Rann  After Rann was attacked by armed groups in 2015, the local population fled to other towns in Borno state and to neighbouring Cameroon. When Rann was re-captured by the Nigerian armed forces in March 2016, people started to return home. MSF was providing medical care in Rann in January 2017 when the town was bombed, killing 90 people and injuring a further 150 others. The Nigerian military later claimed responsibility for the bombing, saying it was a mistake. Three staff working for an organisation subcontracted by MSF were among the dead.  Following the Rann bombing, MSF provided medical care through mobile clinic teams who visited the town on a regular basis. Since September 2017, there has been a permanent MSF medical team in Rann. On 1 March 2018, MSF was forced to temporarily suspend activities following an attack on the military base. Three humanitarian aid workers from other organisations were killed in the attack and another three were abducted.  The humanitarian situation in Rann is worrying, particularly during the rainy season as the town gets cut off from the rest of the country. In the past few months, fires have claimed lives and injured several residents of Rann.  Between January and March 2018, MSF provided 3,955 outpatient consultations, 164 emergency room consultations, admitted five children to the inpatient therapeutic feeding centre and treated 84 patients in the outpatient therapeutic feeding centre.  Banki  Some people who fled the violence in Borno state now reside in a camp and in the main town in Banki. It under the control of the military and people are allowed to leave only to collect firewood in organised groups, supervised by the military. Most of the town’s original population fled in 2015 after it was taken by armed groups, with many crossing the border into Cameroon. The number of Nigerians returning from Cameroon, some by force, has risen over the past few months. In 2017, MSF handed over its medical activities to UNICEF. Teams continue to provide water and sanitation support for several days each month.  Damaturu  Damaturu is the capital of Yobe state, bordering Borno. Although it is relatively stable, armed groups are known to be active at least in the north and the south of the state. People in Damaturu have freedom to move and farm, and food is available in the markets.  Yobe is one of the poorest states in Nigeria. Healthcare structures in Yobe are very basic with access to medical care and health facilities limited.  In Damaturu hospital, MSF operates a 25-bed emergency paediatric unit, a 12-bed isolation ward and a 50-bed inpatient therapeutic feeding centre treating children under five years old with severe malnourishment and accompanying health complications. From January to March 2018, MSF admitted 677 patients to the inpatient department and enrolled 345 children onto the inpatient therapeutic feeding programme.  Gwoza  Gwoza is heavily controlled by the military. It is surrounded by mountains on one side, and the Sambisa forest on the other. Armed groups are believed to be active in both the forests and the mountains. The town often receives arrivals of displaced people from other areas and neighbouring Cameroon. For humanitarian actors, Gwoza is only accessible by helicopter, or by road with a military escort.  In Gwoza, MSF is running a 71-bed health facility. Teams continue to provide emergency medical services, nutritional and secondary inpatient care, sexual reproductive health services, mental health, care for victims of sexual and gender based violence (SGBV) and emergency surgeries. Figures from January to March 2018 include 1,928 inpatient admissions and 385 outpatient consultations, 1,702 antenatal and 2,343 emergency consultations, and 409 deliveries.  Pulka  According to IOM estimates for February 2018, Pulka hosts 40,278 IDPs in the camps and in the host community. The town is heavily controlled by the military. People are only allowed to move a short distance beyond the town’s perimeter to farm, but many do not feel safe leaving. Because of its proximity to the border with Cameroon, there is a regular influx of people.  Movement from Cameroon, organised by the Nigerian military, is ‘sometimes by choice and sometimes by force’. As a result of the unplanned and large-scale movement of people, there was a severe shortage of food, water and shelters in Pulka. The shortage of water resulted in a 45 per cent increase in cases of acute watery diarrhoea. New arrivals in Pulka are vaccinated and given food rations, non-food items like jerry cans and mosquito nets. Children undergo nutritional screenings.  MSF provides primary and secondary healthcare including outpatient care, emergency services, ante- and postnatal care and referral services. Teams also run mental health activities, community surveillance, and water and sanitation services for people living in the hospital grounds. From January to March 2018, MSF conducted 1,456 inpatient admissions, 10,808 outpatient consultations, 1,997 antenatal care consultations and 397 deliveries. Teams admitted 1,456 children to the inpatient therapeutic feeding centre and enrolled 105 patients to the ambulatory therapeutic feeding programme.  MSF also provided 3,530 vaccinations including for measles, diphtheria and pneumococcal disease (PCV), distributed 191 non-food kits and 12,045kg of food rations, and screened 69,171 people for malnutrition levels and signs of illnesses in the IDP camps. In order to reach new arrivals in the camps, MSF provided primary care at various transit points and camps, and provided 382 outpatient consultations.  Mobile clinics and emergency response  Between January and March 2018, MSF provided 903 outpatient consultations and 14,657 vaccinations (including PCV and measles) in mobile clinics in Gajiganna and Gajiram – settlements along the Monguno – Maiduguri axis. In March 2018, 74 patients were admitted to MSF’s cholera treatment unit in Kukawa town, during an emergency intervention following an outbreak of cholera. To improve the water and sanitation infrastructure in parts of the state, 2,250 cubic metres of water was transported, 494 toilets were desludged (the process of removing sediments by draining and cleaning a tank) and repair works were undertaken.  Emergency response: In January 2018, MSF established a team to support emergencies with a focus on (but not restricted to) the northern states in Nigeria. The emergency team supported trauma centres set up in Adamawa to respond to the ongoing ethnic conflict between herders and farmers. The team also supported an emergency measles vaccination in Yobe, and responded to a Lassa fever outbreak by setting up an isolation ward and supporting eight health centres in Ondo state. In Bade LGA, the emergency team responded to a cholera outbreak treating more than 400 patients in the cholera treatment centre, and conducting a mass vaccination campaign targeting 125,000 people in the most affected districts in the state.",4
170,"Nugaal- 3,000 drought affected households recently joined three IDPS in Burtinle town and a newly established IDPs settlement in Faratooyo village (15KM from South Burtinle) inhabited by an estimated 285 households. The mayor informed partners that an estimated 6,250 households (37, 500 persons???) are currently displaced within Burtinle district. These people are scattered in the 42 villages surrounding Burtinle. New IDPs have high needs, shelter, health, WASH, education, and assistance received is minimal",1
8508,"Military spokesman Roshan Senevirathne said more than 2,000 military personnel had been deployed to help the police and civilian agencies.",1
552,"Some refugees said that irregular food distributions and long queues had meant going hungry for days. Despite all these concerns and hardships, the assessment found strong solidarity and mutual support between refugees. ",3
7047,"The acute watery diarrhea (AWD) weekly case load has decreased almost by half during the month.In July, the overall AWD case load per week, especially in the hardest hit White Nile State, has decreased significantly. According to the joint weekly report from Ministry of Health and WHO, a 45% reduction of total AWD cases in all affected states was reported in the end of the month compare to the caseloads recorded in the first week of July. However, the outbreak is still continuing at an emergency level, and 8.7% of cases are children under 5, which is the most vulnerable age group.",4
11136,"At least five homes were affected; The villagers, armed with brooms and shovels, began to draw the water.Units are dispatched in the place that are responsible for evacuating 17 people, including nine children, in total affected four homes, although the slip falls on one, affects others that are contiguous and are compromised, 'said Davis Salazar, The Central of Communications of Firemen",10
4713,"On July 2 nd an attack on the village of Nguéléwa in the Diffa region killed 9 people and injured 11. 33 children and 6 women were kidnapped. Over 16,000 people fled and settled temporarily around Kablewa, Kitchiendi and Nguigmi along the National road.",9
9919,"Refugees in Jebel Aulia lacks basic needs The Chairperson of South Sudanese refugees living Sudan says their situation is getting worse due to lack of humanitarian assistance in the camps.  Sultan John Maskar, the Chief of Refugees sheltering at Jebel Aulia camp in Khartoum, said the Sudanese government is restricting the number of NGOs willing to provide assistance to the refugees.  He said there is scarce food and medical supplies in the camps.Sultan Maskar told Eye Radio that the camp is home to more than 900 households, but there is not a single NGO is based in the camp.He said they even lack basic items like blankets, shelter material, mosquito nets, and other non-food items, forcing many of them to look for manual jobs at the nearby Sudanese homes.",4
2533,"The only remaining engine is now operated by government forces, but this has caused water prices to rise sharply. ",11
10307,"In the Southern District of the Gaza Strip, oncological treatments have been completely suspended due to a shortage of 19 types of medicine",4
175,"Kala Balge 35,706 IDP count, Needs: Shelter, NFI and food.",7
11362,"Water stress triggered by the poor monsoon in the key growing areas of Southern Karnataka and the Pollachi region of Tamil Nadu has impacted coconut production, with growers putting the output loss as high as 30-40 per cent. ",0
10643,"Against the backdrop of 10 years of Israel’s land, air and sea blockade, there has been an escalation in the internal Palestinian divide, since March 2017, which exacerbated Gaza’s energy crisis and resulted in outages of 18-20 hours a day. Additionally, the salary crisis in the public sector in Gaza has worsened; thousands of civil servants have been reportedly referred for early retirement; and the financial approval for the referral of hundreds of patients outside Gaza has been reportedly delayed/disrupted. These developments have impacted the availability of essential services and the livelihoods of Gaza’s two million residents. The following indicators were identified by the Humanitarian Country Team (HCT) to monitor the evolution of the crisis, trigger humanitarian action and prevent further deterioration.",7
5500,"The number of civilians who died of thirst after being forcibly displaced from their villages in Panyikang County in Fashoda State due to clashes between government troops and rebel fighters in late April, has reached to at least 50, according to an opposition official. Speaking to Radio Tamazuj on Friday, Morris Orach, the Minister of Information in the rebel-controlled area in Fashoda, said the 50 dead bodies were found along the Fashoda-Tonga road.",11
866,"However, many have returned to find their houses burned and their possessions looted, and continue to face risks of insecurity, malnutrition and health problems.",10
9879,"A source in the hospital in El Gireisha locality told Radio Dabanga that the isolation centre of Shueib area received four new cholera patients on Wednesday. Fifteen patients who entered the ward earlier this week have been discharged after their recovery.On Thursday, El Mahala isolation ward in Eastern El Gallabat also received a patient from El Zureiga. The ward registered 20 new cases during the previous weekend. ",4
1010,"on. During the first half of the scenario period which is a typical peak lean season, access to food in conflict-affected areas is likely to be further reduced by soaring prices and limited access to markets, therefore, majority of people in the worse conflict-affected areas will not be able to meet their minimum food and non-food needs without external food assistance and/or engaging in non-reversible coping strategies, and will therefore be in Emergency (IPC Phase 4) through September 2017, people in the drought affected areas of North Darfur and refugees from South Sudan likely to be in in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) number of food insecure people will likely peak at more than four million during the June to September lean season, including more than 120,000 people in Emergency (IPC Phase 4)",3
3279,"Food was reported as the first priority in host communities, followed by shelter and WASH. Overall access to water, sanitation and hygiene services is limited. In Ukhia water sources are urgently required. The humanitarian reponses until date have concentrated in makeshift settlements and refugee camps. UMNs in host communities were reported to be collecting relief materials from makeshift settlements.",3
1526,"Homes devoured by flames in Darfur, eastern Chad Fires destroyed more than 100 houses and shelters in Darfur and eastern Chad over the weekend.",10
10076,"Disrupted sources of livelihood make civilians in Manyo highly vulnerable to potential external shocks such as renewed insecurity. With a trend for returns of displaced people slowly starting to take form, it is concerning that Manyo County is expected to continue to be affected by armed clashes as some areas near Wadakona remain contested between different groups. While the dry season has not seen major clashes so far, KIs were only cautiously optimistic about future outlook for stability. HHs are currently not equipped to recover inhibited livelihoods due to a lack of access to tools, equipment and agricultural inputs and thus food access could remain minimal in spite of renewed stability",5
10606,"Russian warplanes carried out intensive strikes on the water crossing area between Al-Bolail town in the western banks of the Euphrates River, and Al-Sabha and Al-Dahla areas on the eastern banks of the Euphrates River, which are all located in the eastern countryside of Deir Ezzor, and the strikes caused great damage in the ferry boats.  The citizens turned to use ferry boats to travel between the western and the eastern banks of the Euphrates River, after most of the bridges over the river had been shelled, by Russian warplanes as well as the International Coalition warplanes during the past months, in which some ferry boats are used to transport citizens while the others are used to transport vehicles between the two banks.",7
11944," The trend at country level over the past 3 weeks is considered stable. At governorate level, the trend from W36-W38 increased in 2 governorates: Saada (+25%), Marib (+12%). Those districts are still under particular surveillance: As Safra (Saada); Al marawit, Az Zuhra, Ad Dahi (Al Hudaydah).",4
11616,"Baghlan IPDS WASH: 99% of the caseload reports having access to cooking, drinking, and bathing water. Water sources were reported as piped water (39%), dug well (25%), purchased water (20%), handpump (15%). The average distance to a water source was reported as 1 km, with the average time to access a water source reported as approx. 3 minutes. 100% of the caseload reported latrine availability, with 96% reporting a family pit latrine as the latrine type.  ",11
11156,"The landslide survivors living in rural parts of Rapti Municipality in Chitwan have complained that the government has not sent any help or relief even a month after the disaster. Landslides have displaced several families in Santhali, Sarling and Shyamrang villages. Some families are still living in homes that were damaged by landslides while the others have moved to jerry-built shelters. They have little to food to sustain themselves, no warm clothes and no clean drinking water.Destruction of farmlands with ready-to-harvest crops, drinking water pipelines and rural roads have added to the sufferings of the landslide survivors, according to Aita Bahadur Chepang, the ward member of Rapti Municipality-13.",10
10702,"In Greater Equatoria, households who planted first-season crops currently have access to green harvests. Although conflict was lower in July than previous months, first season harvests are expected to be significantly below average in conflict-affected counties given that insecurity restricted normal planting. Furthermore, production prospects are now worse than previously expected in parts of Torit and Magwi of Eastern Equatoria and Juba of Central Equatoria, due to suspected Fall Armyworm infestation.",3
476,IOM's recommendations included training aid workers in suicide prevention and setting up a family counselling unit.,4
10594,"Cross River records third suspected case Another suspected case of the monkey pox disease has been discovered in Cross River State, bringing the number of suspects to three. Director General of the Cross River State Primary Health Care Development Agency, Dr Betta Edu, who confirmed the development to The Nation yesterday, said the latest case was in Ikom local government area, and the suspect is a 28 year old female local government worker. The first case and second case in Ikom and Calabar Municipality respectively were discovered early last month. Edu said the suspect like the previous two cases had been quarantined and all contacts traced. She said the blood sample had been taken and handed over to the disease surveillance and notification officer. She said results for the earlier suspected cases which were sent to Dakar in Senegal had not been gotten yet.",4
6228,"WFP is the biggest responder in the Rohingya refugee crisis and is initially focusing on general food distribution plus blanket supplementary feeding for pregnant and breastfeeding mothers and young children. At the same time, forward actions towards a transition away from in-kind towards cash-based transfers is being taken, with market and supply chain assessments.",3
3209,"It is found that the common coping strategies across all of the settlements include activities such as begging and dependence on aid from UN agencies and NGOs to various degrees depending on the length of stay inside the settlements. Common livelihoods across settlements include day labour and wage work inside small establishments such as grocery or tea stalls. However, there are also distinct livelihoods across the settlements. For instance, in BMS, the types of day labour activities involve work in betel nut farms and other agricultural labour. In KMS, similar to BMS, day labour constituted work in betel nut and paddy farms. In Leda, work in salt farms was more predominant while in Shamlapur, the majority of respondents were engaged in fishing related livelihoods. Migrating to countries such as Malaysia, for instance, was also evident and particularly for households who were residing in Bangladesh for a longer duration.",5
8050,"? Lack of learning materials was reported as a challenge by 31% of parents of children aged 3-5 and 27% of parents of children aged 6-14. The CGDs brought out specifically the lack of teaching materials such as blackboards. Although not directly related to teaching and learning material, lack of weather and culturally-appropriate clothing for children were also brought up as a material need. It should be noted that this is not what is normally interpreted as teaching and learning materials by partners, adding our important contextual nuance to the findings of this and other assessments. ? Teachers report that the content of teaching (given no formal curricula has been approved) is often improvised and unstructured, and that they lack the means to adequately distinguish between children of different ability levels. Children report feeling under-stimulated in learning facilities, often covering material they have already studied in Myanmar.   01/06/2018 6 ? Parents of adolescent children in particular report feeling that “what is taught is not relevant” (34% of parents of girls and 46% of parents of boys). This again is possibly linked that secondary aged children are attending primary learning facilities. 40% of parents of girls aged 15-18 and 47% for boys listed vocational training as a priority area for improvement. This is echoed by adolescent CGD participants. However, it needs to be noted that provision of vocational training is currently not allowed by the government. ? Majority of adolescents when asked what activities that too lace me learning facilities they found most useful, CGDs identified language learning, literacy, and recreational activities. This contrasts with parents, as only one-fifth prioritized these areas for improvement. ? The majority first preference for language of instruction is Rohingya (50%), followed by Burmese (15%) and English (15%). For preferred languages to learn, English is the overwhelming priority, reported by 90% of parents, followed by Bengali (62%), Burmese (60%), Rohingya (57% - likely referring to a desire to learn a written form of Rohingya) and Arabic (29%).",2
7587,"Lac: To address growing food insecurity, the use of cash vouchers will be prioritised where possible and support for livelihood activities and access to land will be reinforced to improve peaceful coexistence and self-sufficiency",3
6552,"he first cases of cholera have appeared in Zalingei, capital of Central Darfur, where two patients died last week. The infectious disease is still spreading in North, West, and South Darfur. In eastern Sudan, hundreds of cholera patients are being treated.Between 15 July and 3 August, 12 people died of cholera, and 412 others contracted the disease in El Dindir and villages in the southern part of Sennar.",4
10455,"The crisis has severely disrupted livelihoods: at least 71% of people in Borno reported that they currently do not have any sources of income, with no programmes presently offering livelihood support across camps visited and few agricultural activities carried out due to land access issues, particularly for women. Families have lost all their assets for future farming affecting the current and future Income Generation Activities (IGA) opportunities.",0
11803," Around 76,000 Muslim internally displaced people (IDPs) were temporarily housed in 11 planned camps in rural Sittwe Township. They were subject to heavy restrictions on their freedom of movement and unable to return to their areas of origin. Shortly after their arrival, 8-10 families were housed in temporary longhouses under the same roof, separated by flimsy partitions, which fell well short of SPHERE standards for basic shelter. ",10
8528,"The Lassa fever outbreak in Nigeria continues though it appears to have stabilized. In week 15 (week ending 15 April 2018), five new confirmed cases and three new deaths were reported, compared to eight cases and three deaths reported in week 14. The new confirmed cases came from four states: Edo (2 cases), Adamawa (1 case and 1 death), Ebonyi (1 case and 1 death), and Kogi (1 case and 1 death). Eight cases are currently being managed in treatment centres across three states: Edo (4), Ebonyi (3) and Plateau (1). From 1 January 2018 to 15 April 2018, a total of 1 849 suspected Lassa fever cases have been reported. Of these, 413 cases are confirmed, nine probable and 1 422 non-cases. Laboratory results of five cases are pending. Since the start of the 2018 outbreak, there have been 105 deaths in confirmed cases and nine among the probable cases, giving a case fatality rate of 27% in the confirmed and probable group. Twenty-one states have reported at least one confirmed case across 70 local government areas (LGAs); 10 states have exited the active phase of the outbreak, while 11 remain active. The majority (81%) of confirmed cases are from Edo (42%), Ondo (23%) and Ebonyi (16%) states. Twenty-seven healthcare workers have been affected since the start of the outbreak in seven states: Ebonyi (16), Nasarawa (1), Kogi (2), Benue (1), Ondo (3), Edo (3) and Abia (1), with six deaths in Ebonyi (4), Kogi (1) and Abia (1). A total of 4 762 contacts have been identified from 21 states since 1 January 2018. Of these, 603 (12.8%) are currently being followed up, 4 152 (87%) have completed 21 days of follow up and seven (0.2%) were lost to follow up. Seventy-eight symptomatic contacts have been identified, of whom 28 (36%) have tested positive from five states (Edo (13), Ondo (8), Ebonyi (3), Kogi (3), and Bauchi (1)).",4
10990,"On Monday, Dar es Salaam regional commissioner Paul Makonda ordered primary schools closed for two days and advised families to leave inundated areas in a bid to limit the loss of life.",2
4169,"At least 38 people have been killed by Cyclone Enawo that struck Madagascar this week, according to an official of the country's disaster management department.More than 116,000 people have been directly affected by the cyclone.153,000 people have been displaced by storm waters. ",7
3404,"These 22,000 people need to guarantee the Food security due to the shortage of food Food that is presented by the closure of trade and Blocked roads for access to municipalities",3
8754,"Under the coordination of the Ministry of Human Rights, Social Affairs and Gender, the Kigwena site has been identified for the relocation of displaced IDPs living in the Cisha and Gitaza camps in Rumonge province, and the original plots in the hills were validated as safe of risk for 159 households. The construction of 333 transitional shelters was finalized in March 2018. This will enable the most vulnerable households to access decent shelter and, in 5,022 internally displaced people receiving shelter assistance, aid packages, transport assistance and reintegration support. This included financial support, to allow tenants to find housing for a period of 6 months, is planned for 2018.",10
3814,The humanitarian situation in Somalia remains critical until the end of the year. Continued large scale assistance is required to keep Somalia free of famine.,3
6281,"More than 7,000 people have been affected by floods primarily in the north of the country since the beginning of the rainy season in June 2017. More than 400 houses were destroyed and more than 300 damaged. Pastoral communities have particularly been affected with 26,000 animals lost so far. The most affected region is Timbuktu with two thirds of the overall number of affected people and almost 100% the lost animals.",10
9744,"The five camps of Tawila in North Darfur also complain of poor medical services, lack of medicines and severe deterioration in environmental sanitation",4
5030,"Local populations, who are heavily dependent on livestock and farming, have reported employing negative coping strategies – like reduction to one meal per day, taking children out of school – much earlier than normal, and some as early as March.",8
11350,"For the past months we have been suffering from outrageous power cuts and lack of water. Our communities sometimes go for 20 hours without electricity and days without water. In some parts there has been power outages for three solid days. To let this, continue and hold on to empty promises from the government is what we are resisting.  We demand that power and water be regulated. That even when we can’t have full supplies, we are afforded the dignity of having at least 12 hours out of the day and that water be present too —for water is even more important.  ",7
2880,"As a result of such constraints, people at the berm die of preventable diseases due to lack of medical care and essential medicines. Deaths related to childbirths, hepatitis, gastroenteritis and hypothermia are also reported. Thousands of people are surviving only on water and flour. The scale of deaths is hard to estimate, but satellite images show growing graveyards around the Rukban border crossing.",11
8982," Secretary of the Mahaweli Authority, Udaya R. Seneviratne, said water sources and irrigation tanks in the Mahaweli sector have shrunk below 50 per cent of capacity. As a result, distribution of drinking water gets priority instead of agriculture. ",11
2786,"The Israeli authorities have stated that, as a matter of principle, they would not allow people who participated in the protests to exit Gaza in order to receive medical treatment in hospitals in the West Bank or Israel. This statement was submitted to the Israeli Supreme Court, in response to a petition by two injured Palestinians, who were denied passage to a Ramallah hospital, reportedly leading to the amputation of limbs. The Court requested the authorities to review their position and submit a new response by Sunday, 15 April.",4
804,"New confirmed cases of Vaccine-derived Polio virus15 new cases of vaccine-derived poliovirus type 2 (cVDPV2) in Syria have been confirmed, bringing the total of cases to 17, all between 3 March and 23 May.  16 of the cases are from Mayadeen district, Deir-Ez-Zor and one case is from Raqqa district, Raqqa governorate.  Confirmation of new cases does not change the operational situation: we knew an outbreak was occurring in this area requiring an outbreak response, and the priority is now to fully implement this outbreak response as quickly as possible to prevent further cases.  Although access for vaccination is compromised due to prevailing insecurity in Deir Al Zour, the Governorate has been partially reached by several vaccination campaigns against polio and other vaccine-preventable diseases since the beginning of 2016.  A single case constitutes a polio outbreak and sets in motion international outbreak response mechanisms. This is because of the way polio transmits, in that for every paralysed case, there are 199 unsymptomatic infections  The confirmation of new cases is not unexpected at this time. Processing specimens takes time in the laboratory, and sending specimens from an area such as Deir-Ez-Zour is complicated. Under normal circumstances, a lab lag-time of 6-8 weeks can be expected, and so confirmation now of new cases being processed in the laboratory system can be anticipated and is not unusualWhat is a vaccine derived polio type 2?  Oral polio vaccine (OPV) contains an attenuated (weakened) vaccine-virus, activating an immune response in the body. When a child is immunized with OPV, the weakened vaccine-virus replicates in the intestine for a limited period, thereby developing immunity by building up antibodies. During this time, the vaccine-virus is also excreted. In areas of inadequate sanitation, this excreted vaccine-virus can spread in the immediate community (and this can offer protection to other children through ‘passive’ immunization), before eventually dying out.",4
1882,"Unconfirmed reports suggest that up to 1,500 migrants and refugees have been living in difficult circumstances in informal sites near the Al Maya coastal area, west of Tripoli, for up to three months.",9
5745,"“In addition to seven deaths, the tropical depression destroyed homes, classrooms, sanitary units and electricity poles all in Nampula province,” Tomas said.",11
7835,"The failure of the March-June long rains, following two extremely poor rains in 2016, have led to widespread crop failure, acute water shortages, and declining animal productivity – including the lowest production of milk in years, which pastoral children rely on for protein. Poor feeding practices, disease outbreaks and limited access to health services are being exacerbated by a nationwide nurses’ strike, now in its third month. The lack of food and water in schools and drought-related migration are also pulling children out of classrooms. Several schools have closed while others are overcrowded because of migrating children or children who come in search of school-feeding. There is anecdotal evidence of increasing early marriage and child labor. An estimated 1 million children are in need of support to keep learning. Across the country, 1.6 million children are now food insecure, up from 1.2 million in February and 600,000 in August 2016.",3
3092,"104,614 Children under 5 in need of SAM treatment (Nutrition SMART Surveys, July 2017, total caseload)",8
3563,"The displacement had a major impact on the livelihood activities that households are engaged in. Compared to all other groups, the new arrivals are largely dependent on external support from both formal and informal sources. Prior to their displacement, they had comparable livelihood activities to the host communities, engaging in unskilled labor, small businesses, farming, and fishing. For host communities, the most important income source is casual labor – they are now facing increased competition and pressure on wages due to increased labor force availability.",5
9846,"From 30 August to 7 September, 1,152 individuals fled east Shirqat towards west Shirqat, undergoing security screening in Jumaila public hall; and 204 families and 3 individuals fled Hawiga to west Shirqat/Al-Alam camps, undergoing security screening in Jumaila public hall/Al-Hayakil screening site. Some families were admitted to Al-Karama camp bringing the total number of IDPs there to 712 families. Others were received in Al-Alam camps, bringing the total number of IDPs there to 581 families (Al-Alam 1) and 832 families (Al-Alam 2), respectively. Following security screening, 184 individuals from east Shirqat were approved to settle with relatives in west Shirqat, while 43 families plus 5 individuals were permitted to reside with relatives in Tikrit, AlAlam and Rubeida village. IDPs perceived to be affiliated with extremists continue to be detained at screening sites and at Al-Aqwas checkpoint, north of Tikrit, and taken to Al-Shahama camp which hosts 128 families. On the other hand, in the reporting period, five families were released from Al-Shahama Camp after their return requests were approved by the Salah al-Din Operations Commander. The families have returned to Shirqat, Samara, Deloiyah. ",9
6977,"The ministry added that the ban was based on a report about the disease outbreak that was done earlier by Burundian veterinary services and sent to the World Organisation for Animal Health. According to the FAO, PPR, also known as sheep and goat plague, is a highly contagious animal disease affecting small ruminants. Once introduced, the virus can infect up to 90 per cent of an animal heard, and kill between from 30 and 70 per cent of infected animals.",5
2989,"Consistent high rates of displacement and ongoing conflict are disrupting first season cultivation in Greater Equatoria and are likely to interfere with upcoming main season cultivation in Jonglei, Western Bahr el Ghazal, Unity, and Upper Nile States. Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes are expected from June to September in the worst affected areas of these states. Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes are also expected in Northern Bahr el Ghazal, due to extremely high food prices and limited income-earning options.",3
10966,"Many persons interviewed upon arrival stated that their return was primarily influenced by drastically reduced food rations1 and water shortages in the Minawao Camp.Some claimed that due to acute water shortages, caused by broken water taps, they walked for more than five kilometres to access safe water for domestic use. Others said they were returning because of the farming season. Majority of the refugee population in Minawao Camp are predominantly farmers. ",11
532,"Thousands of refugees from South Kordofan have arrived in Pamir camp in South Sudan, after being forced to leave Yida camp because of a shortage of food. ",3
3746,"Many of the new arrivals are staying in schools, community centres and other community spaces. UNHCR is reinforcing existing systems for protection and service delivery. Camp capacity is overstretched, particularly in Nayapara. The shortage of WASH facilities has also raised the risk of the outbreak of diseases to which pregnant women, young children and the elderly are especially vulnerable.  ",11
4085,"Good nutrition is the bedrock of child survival, health and development. Sadly, nearly a third of children under 5 in DPR Korea suffer from stunting while around 200,000 are moderately or severely malnourished.",10
3716,The Philippines started monitoring suspected bird flu cases in humans on Friday after 34 farm workers in two towns north of the capital Manila developed flu-like symptoms after direct exposure to infected fowl.,4
7119,"Following several months of clashes, fighting again erupted between armed actors in Nasir, Upper Nile, on 2 January, forcing civilians to flee. According to partners, houses were burnt in Jikmir, Khoat and Kuetrengke payams, and thousands of people, including 2,000 in Wanding payam, are reported to have been displaced. Even prior to the arrival of the IDPs, food insecurity and access to basic services was a concern in Wading due to the failure of crops, lack of treated water, and absence of schools or health care centres",4
5794,"Clashes and shelling had already forced people from outlying areas into Derna city, with up to 1,300 households reportedly displaced as of 30 May. On that date, the formal entry and exit point located at Karsa, west of Derna, restored restricted opening hours, reportedly allowing some families to leave the city. However, the Libyan National Army reportedly continues to impose a ban on the entry of essential goods, including food items and fuel. Access to food has become a challenge in most areas of Derna, with widespread shortages of vegetables, fruit, milk, flour and other staples reported. While electricity was restored on the next day on 31 May after repairs to the city’s main power plant, water remains largely cut off.",3
4546,"In Mauritania, atypically large declines in livestock prices began in November as households began to destock animals, expecting livestock body conditions to deteriorate and in order to cover maintenance expenses for the rest of the herd. Livestock to cereal terms of trade are moderately below the recent average (Figure 7) and contribute to restricting household purchasing power. Household stocks from both main season rainfed and off season irrigated harvests, which typically accountfor up to half of poor households’ income, are also significantly below average. Focus group interviews in affected zones indicate that income from agricultural labor, which typically accounts for up to one fifth of poor households’ income, is less than half of normal. Crisis (IPC Phase 3) acute food insecurity is already present in worstaffected areas and will continue through August/September 2018.",5
11231,"The prevalence of borderline food consumption among residents increased from 20 percent in March to 29 percent in April (Figure 4). It remained very much unchanged among IDP households. In April, the prevalence of borderline food consumption in urban areas rose again, almost reaching the levels of February and exceeding the levels among rural households (Figure 5). The high concentration of IDPs in cities is contributing to worsening food security in urban areas – indeed, the majority of surveyed IDPs are residing in urban areas.",3
1299,"The disaster profile, which indicates that 22 of the country’s 28 districts have so far been affected, also shows that 498 hectares of crop fields, mainly maize and cassava, were washed away due to floods and stormy rains in several districts, including Ntcheu, Nkhata Bay and Mchinji and several school blocks, health centres, churches and mosques, among others, had their roofs blown off too.",10
8191,"Gaps • There is a continued need for safe water in treatment centres, not least for the health of the workforce in these areas. • More partners need to be involved in case management. • Managing the co-morbidity of SAM and AWD and other diseases continues to be a challenge because of poor capacity. • Community-based surveillance and information management systems need to be strengthened. • There is insufficient laboratory capacity for testing and periodic surveillance at regional level. • WASH activities need to be strengthened. • Social mobilisation and risk communication is poor, particularly in nomadic populations who are at high risk of contracting AWD. • Communication is difficult, particularly with disruptions in internet connectivity",4
5559,"Major protection gaps exist with regard to child protection, Sexual and Gender Based Violence (SGBV) and assistance to Persons with Specific Needs (PSNs), including limited services and safe spaces for these at-risk groups. 54 per cent of the refugee population are children, of whom over 9,000 (4 per cent) have been identified as Unaccompanied and Separated Children (UASC) since the start of the influx. Burundian refugee youth (15 to 24 years of age) constitute 28 per cent of the refugees in the region. Family separation, early marriage, teenage pregnancy, child neglect, child labour, domestic violence, SGBV, forced recruitment, and psycho-social distress have been identified as common child protection concerns in the region",9
5828,4.4 million people affected (OCHA) 3.8 million people in need of humanitarian assistance (OCHA) 620.000 people food insecure 300.000 internally displaced persons (GCA) (HNO 2017),3
7098,"Despite significant progress in reconstruction, 7,700 Palestinian families, or about 40,000 people whose homes were destroyed or severely damaged during the 2014 hostilities, were still displaced in February 2017, down from over 16,000 families at the start of 2015. The greatest concern is for approximately 4,000 of these families who have not been allocated any funding for reconstruction and see no end in sight to their displacement. Internally displaced persons (IDPs) in Gaza face a range of challenges and protection concerns. These were reflected in a comprehensive survey carried out by humanitarian partners, under OCHA coordination, in the second half of 2015. Concerns include overcrowding and lack of privacy, limited access to basic services, a decline in the quantity and diversity of food consumed, risk of gender-based violence, and exposure to weather extremes and unexploded ordnance. These factors exacerbate the vulnerability of certain groups, particularly female-headed households, children and persons with disabilities. Over 60 per cent of IDP households currently stay in rented accommodation, according to a Shelter Cluster assessment; given the limited housing stock, it is believed that some of these families are in fact renting space in the homes of extended family. The remaining families reside in their damaged homes, with relatives, in pre-fabricated units, in makeshift shelters, or have other arrangements.",10
11524,"A retired female professor of Punjab University, who belonged to the Ahmadiyya community, was found dead at her residence in Lahore on Tuesday. ",9
9999,"Water – Average water supply remained significantly below the 20-litre-standard in Meri with 12 litres per person and day. An additional 36 water points are required in Meri and three in Biringi. ? Latrines – In Meri, 900 latrines and 1,270 showers were functional for the 8,100 households, leaving a need for over 7,000 latrines and 7,000 showers. An average of 27 refugees share one latrine in Meri. The first bloc of the 125 communal latrines in Biringi had to be closed because they were full. 1,200 family latrines are needed in Biringi; 18 refugees on average sharing one latrine.",11
5126," assessment showed that access to safe water is significantly low or non-existent in the area. Most people, together with their cattle, rely on a few traditional hand-dug wells providing contaminated water. Additionally, the assessment revealed that the sanitation and hygiene situation in the targeted area is alarming, with very few latrines, a high level of open defecation and high incidences of fevers, diarrhea, vomiting and eye and skin infections, particularly in young children.",11
4077,"As many as 117 social leaders and human rights defenders were murdered in Colombia in 2016, according to conflict-monitoring NGO Indepaz.The number of homicides of rights leaders registered by the NGO is more than double than reported by the government, which has said 55 rights leaders were killed last year. The report that was released on Tuesday claimed that the regions where the highest number of homicides occurred were the southwestern provinces of Valle del Cauca, Nariño and Cauca, where 57 social leaders were killed.These killings have been committed … with the purpose of displacing communities, appropriating territories, defending mega-projects and political control in the regions.” ",9
4885,"1200 union of 183 upazilas under 31 districts are affected and 8746 villages affected. Total 238843 people fully and 6536509 people partially affected, 50042 households fully and 1305257 households partially affected, 71628 houses fully and 548175 houses partially damaged. Total 121 people died. 15529 hectare fully and 562594 hectare partially agricultural land inundated, 34 fully and 3134 partially educational institution damaged, 403km of road fully and 4432.38 km of road partially damaged, 268 bridge and 96 km of embankment damaged.",10
6349,"The number of meals per day is 1.4 and the average Coping Strategy Index is 19.3 reflecting a more precarious food security situation than in the rest of the country. Vulnerable households living in crisis areas face difficult access to food as the majority has not been able to resume income generating activities. The cumulative effects of the crisis have greatly affected the livelihoods of populations, even of returnees. Since the military-political events of 2013, the country is experiencing an unprecedented humanitarian crisis increasing the vulnerability of already chronically vulnerable households.",3
31,"“On an average, 5,000 women are murdered every year compared to 1,442 men. While the male casualties are primarily related to terrorism, the women’s killings are mostly linked to social issues of honour and harassment. Access to decent employment empowers women as it offers them financial independence,” Mr Bari added. ",9
5859,"In January 2017, three antipersonnel landmines exploded near the water main used by an Afro-Colombian community on the San Juan river. The explosions injured a Marine, officials reported. The ELN later acknowledged in a public statement that it had used the landmines and said that “three state agents were mutilated and others [had] other types of wounds.” When Human Rights Watch visited in March, community members said that fear of landmines had kept them from cleaning the water main since December 2016, and that access to drinkable water was dwindling.On February 19, 2017, Marines arrested two AGC members who possessed three antipersonnel landmines near an Afro-Colombian village on the San Juan river, the Attorney General’s Office reported. Human Rights Watch saw photos of the landmines and interviewed a Navy officer who participated in the operation and confirmed the detention of AGC members and the seizure of landmines.Threats, Social Control, and Restricted Movement Whether deliberately or as a result of the violent insecurity they create, armed groups have limited the ability of many riverside communities to work and feed their families. Harvesting crops, logging, fishing, and foraging for materials for crafts are core economic activities of Wounaan and Afro-Colombian riverside communities – and all require leaving the confines of the immediate village. “We are often hungry because the armed groups are in the hills where we work,” a Wounaan woman said. “We can’t chop trees, do craftworks, or harvest.” In February, Colombia’s ombudsman’s office estimated that most communities in Litoral de San Juan faced restrictions on movement. The Constitutional Court, in a ruling that month about the government’s compliance with a 2004 decision on the rights of displaced people, described the restrictions on movement as “widespread.”",9
1720,"Across the country, the heavy rains have left a trail of misery and destruction. At least two people were reportedly killed in Marsabit, northern Kenya, after they were swept away by floods.Some 3,500 livestock have been said to have been killed by the rains that have been pounding the region for the last two weeks.",5
969,"An estimated 3.1 million people, 25 percent of the population, are expected to be in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) or Emergency (IPC Phase 4) through December",3
1786,"An estimated 1.7 million people, including some 434,000 internally displaced people (IDPs), have been affected by the violence in the five provinces that make up the greater Kasai region, according to a report by OCHA. The majority of IDPs have taken refuge in remote fields or are living with communities.Medicine, food, shelter and non-food items are among the most pressing needs.",4
6070,"The mean reduced Coping Strategies Index (rCSI) fell from 16.2 in August to 14.0 in September. At the governorate level, mean rCSI rose in Aleppo, Hama and in hard-toreach areas of Homs and Hama, meaning that households were employing more negative coping strategies than in August. Conversely, households in rural Damascus, Damascus and Homs appeared to be resorting less to negative food-based coping strategies in September, a potential indication of improving food security.",3
7597,"Mozambique has declared an end to a cholera epidemic that was triggered by heavy rains and infected more than 2,000 people, a senior government official said on Friday.Five cholera treatment centres installed in the most affected provinces have already been dismantled, ",4
1833,"According to the Ministry for Education and Higher Education (MoEHE), 86 new school buildings need to be built, and 1,081 classrooms added to existing buildings, by 2021 to provide a safe and adequate learning environment. In late April 2018, the MoEHE announced that it would build 100 new Palestinian Authority (PA) schools in Gaza and improve the KG system, which currently serves 66,150 children in 683 kindergartens. Currently, only 30 per cent of younger children (aged 3-6) attend licensed preschools in Gaza, leaving many neglected in this critical phase of learning and holistic development.",2
9595,"In February 2017, out of 365 children identified, 295 confirmed to be associated with armed groups after verification (including 70 girls and 225 boys). On the one hand, 117 children were identified in Bangui, 101 children (including 22 girls and 79 boys) were separated from anti-balakas groups on 16 February by the regional social affairs service in collaboration with NGOs Plan International, Caritas, GEPAD with the UNICEF support. On the other hand, 248 children were identified in Nana Gribizi Prefecture (in the villages of Kako, Ndenga, Doukouma, Faya, Honga, Bakaya, Morobanda and on the axis of the Mbres) among them 194 children (48 girls and 146 boys) were confirmed to be associated with armed with local armed groups. The interim care of all screened children should be ensured by UNIECF partners, NGO IRC and GEPAD.",9
8045,"The Sabha municipality said Friday that about 120 families were internally displaced from Tayori neighborhood in Sabha due to the clashes in southern region, and the city in particular. On Facebook, the municipality said that it had formed a committee to register the families, adding that so far, 700 men and women plus 200 children have been documented. Meanwhile, the Head of the Public Relations Bureau at Al-Taher Al-Zawiy Organization in Sabha, Ali Al-Kashekri, said they have talked to the displaced families, who took refuge in Abu Bakr Al-Siddiq School, and manged to provide them with the necessary foods they need, in cooperation with the volunteers from Menshiya neighborhood.",3
2113,"Harare Water supplies potable water to Harare and the surrounding local authorities of Chitungwiza, Epworth, Ruwa and Norton town councils with a combined estimated total population of about 4,5 million people.   The Harare water supply infrastructure was originally designed to supply 350 000 people.   The infrastructure was upgraded progressively with the last phase commissioned in 1994 to supply 1,5 million people.",11
9623,"Right now we’re seeing the absolute perfect breeding ground for a major health crisis. There are tens of thousands of people still sleeping out in the open or under makeshift shelters, there is dirty, contaminated water everywhere, and poor nutrition and hygiene levels. Most have also witnessed some level of violence as well as a frightening escape from their homes and are in need of emotional care and support.“Any outbreak of disease in these fragile conditions, where people are staying in cramped spaces close to one another, could spread quickly and would be potentially catastrophic. ",4
6667,"According to the Ministry of Infrastructure, out of 544 surveyed, 428 buildings are damaged and need restorations (specifically 319 houses, 62 business spaces, 1 public building and 46 warehouses and basements). The water coursed especially through some of the main streets, also laying waste to all the store- and business-fronts in its path. Watermarks were visible at anywhere from 1 to 2.5 metres in height. Some houses were totally, others were partially destroyed. Basements remained flooded on Saturday 18 November, and all personal items, from clothes to household appliances were destroyed. As of 22 November, water system was restored, though it still was not suitable for drinking. Access to telecommunication and electricity has been mostly restored as of the time of writing. According to the Hellenic Red Cross (HRC) Samaritan volunteers, some 100 vehicles that had been crushed, had been towed away.",10
6771,"In addition to Öztürk, stripping another HDP lawmaker is also said to be on the agenda.   An HDP lawmaker from the southeastern province of ??rnak, Faysal Sar?y?ld?z, has been abroad and has not been attending parliamentary sessions due to the likelihood that he would be imprisoned. ",9
6638,"Water is pumped to some neighborhoods in Ar-Raqqa city, and even where it is pumped, the quantity is often insufficient. There is a risk that movements to reach water points may further expose people to safety risks, including explosive hazard contamination. On 14 April, for the first time, the water supply through the local water network reportedly reached the outskirts of Ar-Raqqa city. This water was supplied from the Al-Maslakh pumping station along the Euphrates River with support from WASH sector partners.",11
3233,"Rising to 5171, the number of civilians and fighters and members of the regime forces and their allied militiamen, and members of the “Islamic State” organization, who were executed by the organization in its-held areas in Syria, in 47 months of its “Caliphate” on the 29th of June 2014, until the dawn of the 29th of May 2018.",9
11917,"FEWS NET projects that Crisis levels of acute food insecurity will persist until at least January 2018 in parts of Diffa due to conflict and resultant population displacement, exacerbating humanitarian needs in Niger.",3
4507,"In February 2017, 3,367 Eritreans arrived in Ethiopia, according to Ethiopia’s Administration for Refugee and Returnee Affairs.There are around 165,000 Eritrean refugees and asylum seekers in Ethiopia, according to the UN refugee agency. Thousands more Eritreans live in the country outside the asylum system.“Sometimes we get more than 120 people a day,” says Luel Abera, the reception coordinator at Adinbried. “The stories I hear are very sad: pregnant women delivering on the way, people shot at or wounded, hungry and hurt children.”",7
1769,"Human trafficking status in Bangladesh got worse as the country failed to step up its efforts to eliminate human trafficking, according to the US Human Trafficking Report 2017.",9
6235,Nepal’s National Human Rights Commission reported a 15 percent increase in the number interceptions of people “vulnerable” to human traffickers during the three months following the quakes. ,9
11819,"Specific needs – Over a third of the newly registered refugees in Meri have specific needs and therefore require additional assistance, such as medical care, food assistance or support in finding shelter. The need for shelter, construction kits, food and non-food items and medical care remained primordial, first and foremost for those refugees with specific needs. In total, 4,500 refugees with specific needs were registered in Meri and 500 in Biringi.",10
8431,"More than 200 indigenous Nasa Embera Chamí from La Delfina reservation in Buenaventura (West), Colombia, are currently displaced following an armed attack to a member of their community on 8 June. They are in need of decisive security measures to protect them and access to humanitarian aid such as food, health services and shelter.In the early morning of June 8, 2018, the indigenous teacher and community leader Gonzalo Hilamo Mesa suffered an armed attack in his home with two bullets fired against his residence by unknown men. Mr. Mesa was unharmed, however this recent attack generated fear and terror among the community who massively moved from the area and are currently stationed and confined in a nearby school called Techical-Husbandry Educational Institution (Institución Educativa Técnico Agropecuaria, NACHASIN).",4
3599,"The Accessibility dimension in the HHI concerns physical accessibility to the surveyed public hospitals. This dimension is the main contributor to the HHI, and it scored (1) in five governorates during 2014 (Figure 10). Aleppo had the worst performance in terms of accessibility with a value of 0.52, compared to the national average of 0.73. This reflects the inequalities among governorates in access to public hospitals, mainly a result of armed conflict and damage to hospitals in some governorates. About half of the public hospitals in Rural Damascus, Aleppo, Homs and Dar’a were not physically accessible during 2014.",4
11252,"Destroyed building, destroyed infrastructure, civilian infrastructure in particular. You see hospitals which have been attacked and are only half if at all functional. Trash removal is not existing. This is basically the condition under which epidemics like cholera and others are spreading quickly",4
2666,Residents in Lusaka's Kalingalinga are up in arms with the Ministry of Health following the outbreak of typhoid in compound. A water crisis in the area has contributed to the outbreak. The residents have appealed to government to facilitate uninterrupted supply of water to the area. ,11
7287,"An activist reported from Port Sudan, the capital of eastern Sudan’s Red Sea state, that the water crisis increased “since the beginning of the holy month of Ramadan”.  He said that most of the city's districts are suffering from long water outages. “The El Mirghaniya and Tamei districts are cut off since months.”",11
10492,"The latest rebel infighting is exacerbating East Ghouta’s already understaffed and ill-equipped healthcare system. Douma, for example, is the only East Ghouta city with dialysis machines. Patients in kidney failure must navigate active battlefronts in order to receive medical care. The southern East Ghouta town of Kafr Batna, meanwhile, hosts the area’s only infectious disease center, now dealing with a months-long measles epidemic.",4
3111,"According to the Ondangwa based state Veterinarian Dr. Helena Vaino, some farmers from Oshana, Oshikoto, Omusati and Ohangwena regions have reported that their cattle were suffering from the lumps that had developed all over their bodies.",4
11375,"5.5 million people in need of health.Nearly half of the 12.3 million Somali population, 5.5 million people, are in urgent need of emergency health services. Insecurity, displacement, poor health seeking practices, concentration of health facilities in urban areas, as well as the spread of measles, Acute Watery Diarrhoea (AWD)/cholera and complications arising from severe malnutrition have complicated the health crisis in Somalia. Some 917 AWD/cholera cases were reported in September. Overall, 77,515 suspected AWD/cholera cases have been reported since the beginning of 2017. More than 640 suspected measles cases were reported in September. Cumulatively, some 17, 233 suspected cases have been reported this year.The health cluster funding shortfall continues to hamper delivery of life-saving health services to the most vulnerable people including children and internally displaced people. • Inaccessibility in some areas as a result of insecurity is affecting delivery of basic health services to affected communities. • Additional support with life-saving medical supplies to health facilities, especially in drought and AWD/choleraaffected areas is urgently required.",4
11198,"Five residents of El Wesaa El Mahatta village in White Nile State were reportedly injured in an attack by army soldiers on Saturday. On the same day, security forces arrested an arms dealer in the state. ",9
6647,"The lack of electricity and regular supply of water to the population is mainly reported in the central and western territories. There are some territories that have remained without electricity for five days. Yuri Camilo Viamontes Lazo, Deputy Minister of Energy and Mines, explained that Hurricane Irma caused significant damage in 100% of the thermoelectric plants located along the northern coast of the country and, to a lesser extent, in two plants along the southern coast. The most serious situation is reported in the Central Region of the Island.Inés María Chapman, President of the National Institute of Hydraulic Resources, pointed out that the most severe damage to the public water supply is reported from the province of Las Tunas to Havana. In the west, the greatest impact is concentrated in Havana.",11
2122,"A total of 50,700 individuals are reported to have returned to Sirte between 5 February and 15 March. Their main reported needs are NFIs (household items)",7
2718,"Dhaka denies new arrivals refugee status and, after a major crackdown sealed off the ocean routes traditionally used to traffic migrants to Southeast Asia, many Rohingya are turning to complex smuggling operations to escape Bangladesh.",9
5962,"At least 2,280 newly displaced households (about 11,500 people) arrived in Rokero town and nearby Jemeza village after 18 April, following fighting between armed nomads and sedentary farmer tribes. This figure is a preliminary estimate by a joint inter-agency assessment comprising government ministries, UN agencies and international NGOs that visited the area. Emergency shelter, non-food items (ES/NFIs), food and access to water and sanitation services are the priority needs of these new IDPs, according to the joint inter-agency team’s preliminary findings. ES/NFIs: The new IDPs arrived with few personal belongings and are sheltering under trees. Water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH): There is one water pump in Jemeza village, which has been repaired by the inter-agency team, which also brought some WASH materials with them. However, due to the large number of displaced, the amount of water available is below SPHERE standards.  Health and nutrition: There is no health facility in Jemeza village and the nearest health facility where IDPs can access health and nutrition services is in Rokero town. The health facility is run by the State Ministry of Health (SMoH) with support from Catholic Relief Services (CRS) and World Relief (WR). Currently, half rations of the 800 cartons of plumpy nut (nutrition supplement) available in the facility is being distributed to children under five. Nutrition screening is also being undertaken.  Education: The estimated new IDP population includes about 1,150 school-age children, who are currently out of school due to lack of education facilities in the area.  Child protection: Three children were reported missing during interviews with the displaced community.  Food security and livelihoods: There are no food supplies in the local market, and the World Food Programme (WFP) sent food supplies to Rokero on 29 April and initial food distribution for the new IDPs is scheduled for 30 April.",4
8671,"Electricity outages across the Gaza Strip continued for 18-20 hours a day amid instability in the sources of supply, with a severe impact on services and livelihoods. Electricity supply from Egypt halted during most of the reporting period due to malfunctioning of the feeder lines, while the Gaza Power Plant (GPP) shut down for over a day following an exhaustion of fuel reserves. Over 108 million litres of almost totally untreated sewage are being discharged into the sea every day due to electricity and fuel shortages; according to the latest test conducted by the Water Quality Department in Gaza, 73 per cent of Gaza beaches are contaminated, posing high environmental and public health risks. The Israeli authorities issued a swimming prohibition in a few beaches in southern Israel, due to the contamination of the water.",7
3838,"The recent incidents have shed light and raised questions about the lack of security for residents, particularly minorities, in the peninsula.",9
5521,"A total of 2,264 schools, 21.2% of the total educational institutions in the country, were affected after Hurricane Irma. The most significant damage was to roofs. A total of six educational institutions were reported to have been completed destroyed. Schools in Mayabeque, Matanzas, Villa Clara, Ciego de Ávila, and Camagüey Provinces continue to serve as evacuation centers.",2
3159,"In Nepal, one of the main causes of death among children is diarrhoeal dehydration caused by contaminated water. ",11
5240,"Most typical surplus-producing areas are expected to maintain Minimal (IPC Phase 1) and Stressed (IPC Phase 2) food security outcomes during the outlook period. Carry-over stocks from the previous season, as well as stocks from the 2018 harvests, though expected at below-average levels, will ensure maize availability. Some poor households will face challenges meeting non-basic food and other needs due to poor livelihood options. For southern and other typical deficit areas, Stressed (IPC Phase 2) and Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes will continue for the remainder of the peak lean season (February-March). Consumption of own-produced stocks from anticipated poor harvests will marginally improve the situation between April/May and June resulting in Stressed (IPC Phase 2) outcomes. From July through September, Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes are expected as poor households begin to exhaust their own produced food stocks. ",3
514,"Several other factors drive food insecurity in the region. Most people do not own land and must work for others, earning barely a dollar a day when they’re able to find work at all. Occasionally, displaced families trade labor for access to food and services.",0
6162,"The two were removed on grounds of 'discontinuity', or missing general assembly meetings, bringing the number of seats occupied by the pro-Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) to 55 in the 550-seat assembly.  The HDP had 59 lawmakers elected to parliament in the November 2015 general election but has since lost four members.",9
10610,"Police in Maldives arrested at least 139 opposition protesters, its spokesman said on Saturday, as they attempted to defy orders under the state of emergency and march into the high security zone in capital Male.  Maldives President Abdulla Yameen has extended the state of emergency for 30 days through March 22 after declaring it on Feb. 5 following an order by the Supreme Court for nine opposition leaders to be released.",9
4811,"The five most affected districts were Al Hali district (Al Hudaydah governorate, 15,753 suspected cases and 27 deaths), Ma’ain (Amanat Al Asimah governorate, 10,723 suspected cases and 11 deaths), Bani Al Harith (Amanat Al Asimah governorate, 10,200 suspected cases and 10 deaths), As Sabain (Amanat Al Asimah, 8,558 suspected cases and 11 deaths), and Al Hawak (Al Hudaydah governorate, 7,621 suspected cases and 13 deaths)",4
3986,"North Korean Food and Medicines Found Harmful, Ineffective Adulterated foodstuffs and medicines produced in North Korea are sickening consumers and leaving health problems untreated, leading to widespread preference for more expensive products made outside the country, North Korean sources say.In North Korea’s Yanggang province, lying along the border with China, bread baked at one factory in Hyesan city has caused outbreaks of vomiting and hives, a source in Yanggang told RFA’s Korean Service.",3
5259,"At least four civilians have been killed in a suspected jihadist attack in northern Mali over the weekend, local officials said Sunday. An unknown number of the attackers were also killed in fighting as the 'suspected jihadists killed at least four civilians around Talataye,' a northeastern town of around 14,000 people, regionals official told AFP.Mali's deteriorating security situation is of growing concern as Al-Qaeda-linked groups mount increasingly deadly attacks on domestic and foreign forces. In the Talataye area the jihadists often target an Azawad group, the traditionally nomadic Tuareg people of the desert, who they consider too close to a pro-governmental armed group, another elected local official said. Civilians considered too close to the Azawad group are, in turn, considered legitimate targets, he added",9
11047,"With most petrol stations in the south closed because they have no fuel, the price of petrol in the region has risen to over LD 4 a litre on the black market. In Ghat, Obari and south of Sebha, it is reported to be LD 5. The official price in petrol stations elsewhere in the country is 150 dirhams (15 girsh or piasters). Moves are in hand to end the crisis which has affected almost every area of life in the region. Sebha university has again postponed its reopening because staff and students cannot get there and Sebha hospital similarly says that many staff are unable to go in to work and that it is now having a knock-on effect in the provision of treatment. It has also meant that there is no fuel to transport other goods either, such as foodstuffs.",5
4453,"As of January 2017, in-country stocks of wheat flour stood at approximately 1.1 million MT, enough to meet national consumption requirements for approximately four months. Following sharp declines in January and February, wheat and wheat flour imports through Al Hudaydah and Salif ports increased in March 2017. Overall, imports of wheat/wheat flour through these two ports between January and March 2017 were in line with levels seen between October and December 2016.",6
3765,"During a meeting at UNHCR sub-office in Gore on Wednesday evening following the multi-agency assessment mission in Sourou, it was decided to start voluntary relocation of new arrivals to the villages of Diba and Vom, some 45 kilometers from the border where shelters and water and sanitation facilities were built by UNHCR and partners in July 2016 in response to a similar situation and where some 1,726 Central African refugees currently reside. There is current capacity to accommodate about 500 people in a tent and 150 in shelters.",10
1517,"Lack of rainfall in the future: According to weather forecasts, rainfall will be below normal until November 2016 in the Grand Sud and the cyclone season 2016-2017 will be late by one to two months compared with normal years.",10
5074,"Turning to the security situation in the east of the country, which remained volatile, he highlighted threats posed by foreign armed groups — namely the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF) and the Forces Démocratiques pour la Libération du Rwanda (FDLR) — and increasing activities of armed militia groups. ",9
10453,"As of 30 March 2017, the DTM has identified 3,058,626 internally displaced persons (509,771 families) displaced after January 2014, dispersed across 106 districts and 3,648 locations in Iraq. For the same period, DTM has identified 1,639,584 returnees (273,264 families).",9
8009,The Borno State has declared the end of the outbreak of Lassa fever seen on 28th February 2017 while intensifying surveillance systems to identify any further outbreaks. The patient is now stable and was discharged.,4
10026,"Now, days later, one of Russias most prominent opposition activists is in a coma in a Moscow hospital, where he was rushed after suddenly taking ill on Thursday morning. Vladimir Kara-Murza, a writer and civil- society activist with many supporters in Washington, is believed by his family to be the victim of a poisoning attack  the second they believe he has suffered since 2015. ",9
1077,"The number of people fleeing western Mosul citycontinues to climb steadily. Taking into account some 32,000 people that have returned to accessible areas, as of 10 May approximately 414,000 people were currently displaced from western Mosul according to the Iraqi authorities. This brings the total number of people who have been displaced from Mosul city and its surrounds to 622,000, as of 10 May, of whom some 480,000 people are currently still displaced. The majority of displaced people have fled to camps and emergency sites where humanitarian assistance is being provided. Conditionsfaced by anestimated 360,000 people living in ISIL-held west Mosul are of significant concern to humanitarian partners, as access to food and clean water sources continue to remain significant challenges. Health partners warn of the potential risk of waterborne disease outbreaks as summer approaches and temperatures rapidly increase.",3
8978,"In eastern Ghouta the price of a food basket is ten times that of the average in the country, so people cannot afford food and that will be their situation as the harsh winter is coming.",3
3433,People in need: 814k Food security: 550k Nutrition: 484k,3
1583,"With up to 80 percent of children unvaccinated inside the 450,000-person opposition pocket, measles is making an alarming resurgence where such incidences were once “very rare” before the war, Amani, a pediatrician at the Kafr Batna hospital who asked to be referred to only by her first name, told Syria Direct. ",4
1605,"On another street, residents waited to fill bottles at a water tank, their supply cut by the fighting for the nearby Tabqa dam.",11
11017,"In Rakhine state it has been reported that many people are not travelling out of fear. Humanitarian organizations are currently seeing a little over half of the regular monthly caseload of primary health care patients at clinics in northern Rakhine (12,800 compared to 20,500 prior to 9 October). Emergency medical referrals have been severely impacted, limiting options for treatment and placing patients at risk. Passes to access medical care in Bangladesh are also not being issued.",4
11173,"“They tell me, ‘Mommy, please, I’m hungry, I want to eat.’ I voted swearing at the government.”Those are the words of July Castellano, a 40-year-old mother of five who unwillingly voted in last year’s regional elections, fearing the government-subsidized food her family needs to eat once a day would be taken away if she abstained. Hers is one of the many stories Ryan Dube, Kejal Vyas and good old Anatoly Kumarnaev tell in their most recent piece for the Wall Street Journal.The government buys votes by taking advantage of a famished country, and the magnitude of this sick bargain is horrifying. With only some 15% of the population living above poverty line, and over 60% in extreme poverty, the food subsidies, which more than 12 million Venezuelans benefit from, are a key factor to consider before even thinking about voting against Nicolás Maduro.Hunger is Maduro’s last (and arguably most powerful) weapon to “win” an election with a 13,000% yearly inflation, and a near 20% GDP drop.  ",3
9670,"The seasonal heavy continuous rains in the Malaysia since 23rd January 2017 have caused flooding in six states, namely, Johor, Kelantan, Pahang, Perak, Selangor and Sabah. 4,207 families have been evacuated to evacuation centres. The worst hit states are Johor and Pahang where waters have rose up to 1.5 metres in certain areas. More rains are expected this weekend putting these states in risk over heavy flooding.",10
4918,"To date approximately 3,000 students from Rural and urban areas of Segovia are Out of school. Since the beginning of unemployment and for 18 days, about 12,000 students were unable to access the Schools for being exposed to violent acts by incursions into schools, furniture and fixtures. Since 8 August at least 9,000 students have returned to school, however, Concern about the limited access to food in their homes Existing shortage, in addition to not currently having the service of the Food Program School (PAE) in the two municipalities",2
11860,"Drought and food insecurity: Somalia experienced a poor April to June 2016 rain season (Gu) and a failed October to December 2016 rain season (Deyr). While the Gu 2017 has started, there has been limited rainfall in many parts of the country. The loss of livestock, pastureland and food because of the drought is estimated to have displaced 535,624 people across country in the period between 01 November 2016 and 31 March 2017 (UNHCR, April 2017). In Somaliland and Puntland, populations that mostly depend on agro-pastoralism and livestock have been experiencing increasing food insecurity during this same period. The Puntland regions of Bari, Karkaar, Sanaag and Soo l have been particularly affected. In January 2016, the governments of Somaliland and Puntland issued separate alerts with appeals to humanitarian agencies and donors for support to the drought response . ",0
4855,"During the reporting period, up to 20,000 people, mainly women and children, were prevented from crossing into Bangladesh at Palon Khali and trapped in a so-called “no-man’s land” area for two days without water, food or shelter. In response, UNICEF provided water, oral rehydration salts and critical messaging on avoidance of family separation and basic hygiene to the stranded refugees, and mobilized boats to ensure the safe passage of children and women.",9
3134,"Speaking to Radio Tamazuj on Thursday, Governor David Lokonga Moses said the closure of the six health facilities, besides the exit of humanitarian organizations in the area has caused untold suffering of citizens who are facing famine and diseases.",4
1213,"The Lai Châu Steering Committee Office for Disaster Prevention and Rescue on Monday announced that the prolonged heavy rainfall, lasting from June 27 to 2pm July 3, severely disrupted transportation and caused losses to residents.  Flooding following the downpour washed away a bridge over the N?m Chà spring, isolating N?m Nhùn and M??ng Tè districts.  A landslide on provincial roads 127 and 129 temporarily halted the flow of traffic between the centre of N?m Nhùn District and its communes of N?m Chà and M??ng Mô.  The landslide also caused soil and rocks to fall on residents’ houses in N?m Nhùn, Tam ???ng and M??ng Tè districts, forcing authorities to urgently evacuate affected households to safe areas, according to the Lai Châu disaster committee.  Heavy rain also washed away another 17 dykes, irrigation and canal structures, while a large area of paddy and vegetable fields were submerged.",7
3098,"Beside those shootings, there have also been killings. Charles Ndizeye, a trader in Matana Commune of Bururi southern province was killed on 8 January around 9 p.m. “He was fired six bullets and died on the spot. Investigations are ongoing to track down the criminal",9
3221,"The five most affected governorates were Amanat Al Asima, Al Hudaydah , , Hajjah, Amran and Dhamar with 53% (239,877/453,175) of the cases reported since 27 April 2017. ? Al Mahwit, Al Dhaele’e, and Amran governorates had the highest attack rates (35.7‰, 34‰ and 30.2‰ respectively) ? Raymah ,Hajjah and Ibb governorates reported the highest case fatality ratios (1.2% ,0.8% and 0.7% respectively) (see table). Number of suspected cholera cases & deaths, AR and CFR by governorate, Yemen, 27 April – 3 Aug 2017",4
1653,"78 per cent of respondents were IDPs. Key findings highlighted more limited access to humanitarian assistance for women. While the most reported common forms of women finding ways to earn a living was through teaching, working for a local entity or doing domestic work, begging, and providing sexual services was also stated as a means by some women respondents. Women stated they are able to move outside the community, however, the majority indicated that they would do so in groups or with a male chaperone. 60 per cent of respondents stated that the biggest concern for women and girls was sexual assault, while 36 per cent stated that the biggest concern was domestic violence.",9
6954,"Of the 1.75 million people affected by complex emergency in the northwestern Pakistan, an estimated 1.2 million people (including 46% of unregistered FATA returnees in 2016 and the projected to return in 2017) remain in need of life saving food assistance and livelihoods revitalization for a sustained return & rehabilitation process. ",5
6255,"The heavy rains also destroyed more than 8,000 homes, including 7,100 homes and 1,054 traditional huts, the director of Civil Protection said. More than 4,360 head of cattle have also been decimated by water that has caused extensive material damage in stores in almost all eight regions of the country, destroying grain fields, orchards and roads.  At the end of last week, the Niger authorities called on thousands of residents of Niamey to evacuate their houses threatened by rising water levels. They asked the victims to temporarily relocate to the schools.",10
8288,"The Hurricane has aggravated the effects of El Niño-related events, including a drought which has already diminished food production and access to fresh water over the past year. The combined effects will further reduce peoples’ capacity to purchase food to feed their families, or agricultural inputs in order to resume production.",11
5732,"During recent missions to two provinces bordering the main conflict region, Kwilu and Lualaba, UNHCR’s team met some extremely vulnerable new arrivals.  Many said that they spent weeks fleeing through the dense forest without food, drinking water, medicine or clothes and saw people dying on the way, including women and children. ",11
940,"UNICEF is supporting over 1,200 health facilities in 23 ASAL counties for the High Impact Nutrition Intervention package (HINI), including treatment of severe and moderate acute malnutrition, and breastfeeding and complementary feeding counselling. So far, a total of 27,669 (9,052 SAM and 18,617 MAM) children have been admitted for treatment between January and February 2017, with 27 per cent increase in SAM admissions in February. ",8
1973,"According to the minister, this outbreak has so far been reported in 108 sectors (among 416 of the country) in 23 districts (out of 30 districts), where they had so far infected 15,699 ha of maize and sorghum crops.",5
5290,"Food shortages are reportedly causing malnutrition among those remaining in westMosul. According to media reports, among the new arrivals coming from Mosul, a growingnumber of children are showing signs of malnutrition – most of them less than six-monthsold.Families who have managed to flee the city continue to report that food in west Mosul isin extremely short supply. Lack of potable water, electricity, and fuel are also frequentlymentioned by newly displaced families who recently arrived in camps east of Mosul.",5
9501,"As reported, preposition efforts have been halted due to the suspension of convoys from Ramtha BCP. Unless the BCP opens, there will be CRITICAL gap in responding to the food needs for both regular as well as emergency response for not only Eastern Dar’a but also for the rest of southern Syria. ",3
8357,"Military use of schools turns school buildings into possible targets of attack, and puts children and teachers at risk of being injured or killed. Even if the buildings are not damaged or destroyed, military occupation interrupts children’s education. One key achievement of the Afghan government since the Taliban rule has been the increase in girls attending schools, but these gains are now at serious risk. Parents are much less likely to allow girls to attend school if soldiers are using the facilities, which disproportionately hinders girls’ access to education.",2
1537,"Hudaydah, Hadramout, Taiz and Abyan are all above WHO critical threshold of GAM",8
1871,The Humanitarian Coordinator warned against a new outbreak of violence in the west but also in the east of the country that would create new humanitarian needs. Najat Rochdi recalled that “the operational capacities of the humanitarian community are already under intense pressure in a context marked by underfunding of aid'. “The simultaneous emergence of new outbreaks of tension in several regions will undoubtedly exacerbate the already fragile situation of thousands of displaced people and the communities that are barely recovering from repeated crises.”,9
2468,"Interethnic violence has ravaged the Ituri Province in the north-east of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) since December, generating significant population movements within the Province, and toward neighbouring Uganda. UNICEF is very concerned by the situation, as more than 46,000 children are fleeing because of the violence.More than 70 villages have been burned during the recent violence. More than 76 murders with bladed weapons have been documented, the majority of the victims of which have been women and children. At least three health centres and seven schools have been pillaged and/or burned, depriving children of healthcare and education. UNICEF estimates that, as a result of the violence, more than 100 schools have stopped their classes, depriving 30,000 children of schooling. UNICEF and its partners have identified 70 unaccompanied children and 245 children separated from their families in urgent need of assistance in the surrounds of the general hospital in Bunia, the capital of the Ituri Province.",2
10039,"Cerro Hacha sector in the Ngäbe-Bugle, was the most affected in the country by rains and strong winds have occurred in recent days, recorded a report by the National Civil Protection System (Sinaproc).  In three communities of the sector, affected 3,500 people, of which 1,338 are children counted.  Nationally, 4,974 people were affected by bad weather, indirectly related to Hurricane Nate, which currently is located near Louisiana, United States.  In Chiriqui, 984 people were affected by waterlogging, the communities most affected have been those of Corotú and La Esperanza in Baru.",10
3295,"Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM) rates remain high at 3.6 per cent for Cunene and Cuando Cubango, higher than the reported national average of 1 per cent (DHS, 2016). The same report indicated an acute malnutrition rate of 11 per cent and stunting prevalence rate between 20-29 per cent (DHS, 2016)",8
668,"The locations where diarrhea broke out include Dhumey, Saahdeer and Dabotaag and infected patients have been admitted to the local clinics in these areas with overwhelming numbers.",4
1900,"According to media reports, rescue workers in the besieged enclave of eastern Ghouta (near Damascus) accused Government forces of using chlorine gas during bombardment in Douma city today. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that at least 13 people including women and children had suffered suffocation.",9
3614,"Violence in South Kivu’s Fizi and Uvira territories displaced approximately 80,000 people to other parts of Fizi and neighboring Maniema and Tanganyika provinces between late June and late July, the UN reports. While many IDPs are residing with host families, the majority of IDPs in Fizi fled to exposed, rural areas, which lack adequate shelter options. IDPs in Maniema’s Kasongo Territory are reportedly sheltering in churches, health facilities, and schools, according to the UN. IDPs urgently require increased access to safe drinking water and improved sanitation, as existing WASH infrastructure is insufficient to meet the needs of the increased displaced population, the UN reports. Health actors also expressed concern regarding the increased risk of waterborne disease among IDPs in these areas.",11
1080,"In Kenya, security forces forcibly disappeared at least 34 people over the past two years during counterterrorism operations in northeastern Kenya and Nairobi.  In May, a Kenyan court declared a section of the Information and Communications Act that police had used to arrest and charge journalists unconstitutional.",9
2339,"About 70,000 refugees able to reach Cameroon’s only designated camp for Nigerian refugees, in Minawao, have also faced violence at the hands of Cameroonian soldiers, have had limited access to food and water and are subject to abusive restrictions on their right to free movement. In April and May 2017, 13,000 returned from the camp to Nigeria,",3
9005,"Currently health partners are projecting some 36,000 AWD cases in 2018 with 6 million people at risk. ",4
5932,"With the recent return of yellow fever to Brazil, Colombian health authorities are on high alert. The disease has not made an appearance in the country’s headlines for several years, but is currently making a comeback in Brazil where there is a campaign to mass vaccinate the population. In response to this alert, which was issued by the World Health Organization, Colombia has begun to take action in addressing the possibility of any outbreaks.",4
1071,"Housing, property, and land tenure iss ues are complicating IDP returns, the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) reports . Pursuant to a 1953 presidential proclamation, a significant portion of the city’s land is within military jurisdiction and without private land titling. Of approximately 14,000 displaced households surveyed by UNHCR , about 8,000 households reported owning a house; of these, only 25 percent possessed a land title.",9
6274,"Abdelkarim Mohamed Saleh, a youth leader of Atbara and Setit, told Radio Dabanga that the administration of the dams has failed to compensate the farmers for the agricultural land estimated at 11,000 acres confiscated for the resettlement of those affected.  He said that there was only temporary compensation for a limited number of farmers in El Beja project which is estimated at 3,000 acres. ",5
7165,"The nutritional status of South Sudanese refugees remains a pressing concern, as those entering Sudan are coming from areas currently facing emergency levels of acute malnutrition (Integrated Food Security Phase Classification (IPC) Phase 4). Furthermore, in some sites in White Nile, 40 per cent of the population is food insecure according to WFP’s recent household food security assessment, while 54-94 per cent of camp-based South Sudanese refugees cannot afford to buy food, due to high prices.  ",3
11383,"At least 3,000 hectares of farmland has been flooded. This could be detrimental to this season's paddy production, according to the Agricultural Extension Department in Sylhet. ",0
4212,"Numerous armed opposition groups have committed war crimes, violated international humanitarian law (IHL) and targeted religious minorities for attack. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) poses a direct threat to civilians as its fighters have carried out crimes against humanity, including mass killings and sexual enslavement in areas under their control. ",9
9620,"Meanwhile, the Israeli violations against media freedoms in the Palestinian territories included the arrest, detention and summoning of six journalists. The Palestinian Committee documented six cases of storming, raiding and destruction of six local TV channels and a radio station. The report also documented three cases in which journalists were removed from the city of Jerusalem and Israel, in addition to cases where journalists were prevented from covering the trial of Sheikh Raed Salah",9
3434,"Deteriorating terms of trade have negatively affected food security in most pastoral and agro-pastoral zones of the country. The economic downturn amplified the impact of these various factors. According to the latest “Cadre Harmonisé” analysis, between June and August 2017, about 900 000 people (compared to 941 000 a year earlier) are estimated to be in Phase 3: “Crisis” and above, and are in need of urgent assistance across the country.",3
10079,"A farmer from the Ohangwena Region, Nghipandulwa Djuulume, says grazing conditions have improved, but they still have no water for their cattle.Farmers are still driving their cattle long distances to places where there is water. He says only small ponds are filled with water but it is not enough for the large number of cattle in the area.",11
680,"An infestation of armyworms, a pest that has hit maize fields in southern Africa, has spread across Malawi, a senior government official said on Tuesday.  'The armyworms have now spread affecting all the 28 districts (and) threatening the crop for this year ...we are prepared and we will put it under control,' Erica Maganga, principal secretary in the ministry of agriculture, told Reuters.",3
3280,"In  Ezo County, Western Equatoria, the Commission for Refugee Affairs (CRA) registered 102 households (297 refugees) from Democratic of Republic of the Congo (DRC) fleeing from fresh attacks by the Lord’s Resistance Army (LRA). The refugees have reportedly fled from Mogoroko, Ngbamunga, and parts of Kpanangbara. The refugees told the CRA that LRA rebels killed two DRC soldiers and their wives, abducted many people and looted properties. The new arrivals are staying with refugees who had returned to the settlement in Ezo and with the host community. The CRA also reported a total of 966 households (2,809 individuals) still residing in Ezo county before the most recent arrivals. Since fighting broke out in Ezo county in 2015, UNHCR has not had access to the refugee camp in Ezo, with the camp officially closed in February 2016.",9
8710,"The food security situation is expected to deteriorate in some areas during the first half of 2018 due to the lean season. Several factors could further exacerbate food insecurity by early 2018, including adverse weather conditions such as rainfall deficits or delay, sociopolitical turmoil, high inflation rates resulting from the devalued Haitian gourde and increasing oil and food prices on international markets.",3
1546,"Since 31 Jan, heavy rains. 24,755 PIN, 60,436 affected, 12,000 houses affected",10
6080,"Overall unemployment increased further to 27.4 per cent. This is now the highest in the world. Youth and women are particularly affected. Female unemployment is now approaching the 50 per cent mark. In Gaza, the data tell an even more dramatic story: almost every second worker is unemployed and almost two thirds of all women workers are jobless.",5
10375,"Since the beginning of 2017, eight homes have been demolished or sealed on punitive grounds, displacing 44 Palestinians.",9
1636,"# of acutely 363,000 malnourished children under age 5  ",8
3510,"The desalination plant in Derna city (close to the exit point to thewest of the city) has been shut down due to its proximity to areas of fighting and, therefore, concerns for the safety of its staff. In addition, there are unconfirmed reports that the plant was also affected by shelling on 29 May and thus has ceased functioning. The whole city is without water supply, affecting an estimated 125,000 people who now rely only on the minimal water they have stored in their tanks or from wells.",11
10774,"Rakhine has the highest poverty rate in the country (78 per cent, compared to 37.5 per cent nationally) according to a November 2014 report by the World Bank entitled “Myanmar: Ending Poverty and Boosting Shared Prosperity in a Time of Transition”. Myanmar remains one of the 36 countries worldwide that have the highest burden of chronic malnutrition (or stunting, defined as height-for-age < –2 standard deviations of the WHO Child Growth Standards median). A survey carried out in 2015-2016 by the Ministry of Health and Sports indicated that Rakhine State had the highest rate of global acute malnutrition (GAM, defined as weight-for-height < –2 standard deviations of the WHO Child Growth Standards median) in the country. Humanitarian organizations working in the Nutrition Sector in Rakhine indicate that acute malnutrition rates are particularly high in Maungdaw and Buthidaung townships, where they are above WHO emergency thresholds. Chin State has the highest rate of chronic malnutrition in the country (above WHO critical threshold) closely followed by Kayah and Rakhine States. ",8
10171,"Differences between boys and girls could be attributed to levels of poverty, forcing parents to prioritize their investments between their children, potentially pulling more daughters than sons out of school. Also, safety and security issues may pertain to girls to a larger degree than to boys, with girls havinghigh risks of sexual and gender-based violence when moving outside the home. Boko Haram’s view that girls should not attend school may explain why many of their attacks have been directed towards girls, such as the abduction in Chibok",2
5579,"Meanwhile, DDPM director-general Chatchai Promlert  wrote Sunday to chiefs of the DDPM offices in the South, warning them of possible flooding, flash floods and landslides caused by heavy rain in five provinces.",1
5405,Early onset of seasonal rains encouraged early planting in southern bi-modal rainfall areas ? Improved security situation in parts of Greater Equatoria region may result in an increase in planted area,3
7659,"Turning to the situation of human rights in Libya, Kate Gilmore, Deputy High Commissioner for Human Rights, said that throughout the year, the human rights component of the United Nations mission in Libya, with the support of the Office, had continued its monitoring and reporting role.  Across the country, armed groups were defining the overall human rights situation, which was characterized by hostage-taking and torture, and men, women and children being killed with impunity.  Migrants in Libya continued to be held arbitrarily for indefinite periods and in inhumane conditions.  All allegations of human rights abuses should be investigated and perpetrators brought to justice.",9
7262,"Exacerbated vulnerabilities during the lean seasonIn Gao and Menaka regions, most pasture areas are reachable only from August to December. Consequently, in January, breeders usually choose transhumance as a way to ensure their livestock’s survival. The trip weakens the physical condition of livestock and contributes to heighten inter community tensions around natural resources management on the routes. Apart from transhumance, another coping strategy for breeders is to grow their own fodder, and store it in prevision for the hunger gap, in order to sustain livestock’s body condition. However, the price of bourgou (main fodder used in the targeted regions) has nearly doubled in Gao and Menaka since 2017, and has now become too expensive to represent a fair alternative to transhumance. Finally and as a last resort, some breeders sometimes have to sell their animals, usually at a lower market price due to their poor body condition or to the low level of demand on markets.",3
8641,"The lean season is ongoing and poor households face food access constraints due to low household stocks and belowaverage incomes for needed market purchases. Staple food prices continued to increase in October, with bean and cassava flour prices approximately 25 and 100 percent higher, respectively, than a year ago. Prices should ease slightly in late November ahead of harvests, and seasonally rise again in March 2018, remaining slightly higher or about equal to the five year-averages through May 2018.",3
3211,"Overall, the assumptions used to develop FEWS NET’s most likely scenario for the Mozambique Food Security Outlook for October 2017 to May 2018 remain unchanged except the following assumption: ? Maize grain prices: Based on FEWS NET’s recent market assessment, from December 2017 to May 2018, maize grain prices are expected to remain below last year’s prices by 60 percent on average and below the five-year average by 30percent on average. From December 2017 to January/February 2018, maize grain prices are likely to atypically remain stable or increase much slower than average, and from February to May 2018 are expected to start seasonally decreasing.",3
2739,"Despite a fairly good summer, heavy early snow falls in October 2016 followed by plummeting temperatures towards the end of the year, left a layer of ice on the ground, making it very difficult for livestock belonging to the countrys 153,085 herder households (17.8% of total households of Mongolia) to graze",5
3365,"During the weekend, military operations led by Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) resumed, opening a new front in the north west of Mosul city. The ISF have continue to advance, attempting to close up their encirclement of the Old City, estimated by the UN to host a minimum 200 000 people. Humanitarian conditions of civilians trapped in the Old City worsen by the day. Those injured do not have access to appropriate emergency medical care. Coordinated efforts to protect and assist this civilian population, most at risk, are to be urgently prioritised.  The Government of Iraq records a total of 584 000 people displaced, as result of the Mosul military operation since October 2016. This represents an increase of over 192 000 people in one month. Still, approximately 50% of the population from newly retaken districts in West Mosul remain in their homes. ",8
1914,"Local armed forces in the northern Iraqi district of al-Ba’aj, issued an order in February 2018 that relatives of male Islamic State (also known as ISIS) members could not return, Human Rights Watch said today.This will prevent hundreds of people, if not thousands, from returning home. Human Rights Watch has interviewed hundreds of other families of ISIS suspects across Iraq who faced similar punishments after ISIS fighters fled.",9
2773,"630,000 in need of immediate WASH support 3150 cubic meters of safe water is the daily minimum need 6300 emergency latrines are required to meet minimum standard ",11
9580,This conflict that is taking place some 140 km north of Bunia broke out on 19 March. 550 houses and two schools have been burnt down in Lodjo and Tchulu.,7
3152,"Poor water quantity and quality is linked to malnutrition. Thousands of poorly installed shallow tube wells present major contamination risk. The rush to provide clean water, with many private contributors funding shallow tube wells, and overburdened contractors without proper supervision who were often willing to cut corners, have resulted in thousands of poorly positioned and low quality water installations that present major health risk. Of 4,071 tube wells, some 20% of water points are estimated to need immediate rehabilitation/replacement. As pressure increases on the aquifers in Ukhia, safe surface water solutions will be required to sustain populations.",11
665,"Since 7th February, 2018, heavy rains have been received in most districts across the country causing floods in Salima, Karonga and Phalombe districts. A total of 894 households (approximately 2,200 people) have been affected in the districts while 102 households (approximately 560 people) have been displaced.",10
7787,"“Citizens are forced to destroy their houses with their own hands when they are unable to get permits for them, to avoid paying the demolition fees.” He noted that the construction permits, in the rare event they become available, cost up to 120,000 shekels (around $32,000).",10
2719,"Following the completion on 22 December of the evacuation of over 36,000 people from east Aleppo to non-state armed group-controlled areas in Idleb and rural western Aleppo, an estimated 90,500 people from east Aleppo remain within Aleppo city. Of these,some 47,500 individuals have been registered as residing in east Aleppo, 38,750 people are sheltered in west Aleppo, and 4,250 IDPs remain at the Jibreen collective shelter. ",3
11450,"Rights Groups Condemn Jailing of Prominent Azerbaijan Blogger Twenty four human-rights groups including Reporters Without Borders condemned “in the strongest possible terms” the jailing in Azerbaijan of pro-opposition blogger Mehman Huseynov.  An Azeri court on Friday sentenced Huseynov, a video blogger and journalist who reported on corruption in the government of President Ilham Aliyev, to two years in prison for defaming the police. He was prosecuted after reporting torture while in police detention in December.  Huseynov’s jailing is “another example of Azerbaijan’s best and brightest being targeted for expressing opinions critical of the ruling Aliyev regime,” Rebecca Vincent, U.K. bureau director for Reporters Without Borders, said in an emailed statement that was signed by other advocacy groups including the Committee to Protect Journalists.",9
8232,"Six months into the military operation to retake Mosul City from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), civilians continue to have significant humanitarian needs. These needs are most severe among displaced families, both in and out of camps, and vulnerable residents in newly accessible areas.  On 19 February, Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) resumed military operations to retake western Mosul from ISIL. The humanitarian impact has been significant. Since the new offensive began, approximately 330,000 people from west Mosul have been displaced to camps and emergency sites as of 18 April, according to the Government of Iraq.",1
3394,"More than 30,000 internally displaced persons (IDPs) are facing a humanitarian crisis due to shortages of food, water and other basic services i in Kodok area in Upper Nile State, a senior opposition official said.Speaking to Radio Tamazuj on Sunday, Morris Orach, Minister of Information in the SPLA-IO controlled area in Fashoda, said the internally displaced persons fled violence from Wau Shilluk area.“We have a problem of water that is because their number is huge, we can estimate about 34,000. So, the situation is forcing them to drink untreated water from the stream, and this is a big problem here,” he added.",11
2518,"According to the investigators, more than 500 people were killed in Burundi in 2017 and more than 10,000 are behind bars.",9
9896,"According to the Ministry of Health (MoH) data, the cumulative number of malaria cases reported during the first six weeks of 2018 is 634,599 cases with 287 deaths, which is half the cases reported for the same period in 2017 (1,285,696 cases and 577 deaths). Despite the encouraging trend, the fight against malaria remains a priority for the Health Sector.",4
6064,"Though the displacement situation in the region has been going on for over three years, 38% of IDPs have highlighted their frustration in terms of their limited access to water (non-functioning boreholes are not uncommon to the region) and health care facilities. Education is also problematic for many in their areas of displacement, as hasty displacements motivated primarily by security considerations, did not take into account the accessibility of services. Additionally, teachers and health care providers throughout the region have also displaced either preemptively or reactively to the continuously volatile security situation.",4
2571,"Military engineers striving to clear the explosives lack mine detectors and are working with basic tools and their bare hands. Their task is painstaking and extremely dangerous: 50 have been killed and 60 wounded, according to a military source.",9
3607,"In Somalia, the nutrition has continued to deteriorate, especially in the northern and central parts of the country. Some 1.2 million children are projected to be malnourished over the next one year period, a 33.3 per cent increase since the beginning of the year. This includes over 231,829 (including IDPs) who have or will suffer severe acute malnutrition (SAM).",8
2234,"Resources and pastures are limited in the semi-arid region of Hodh ech Chargui. Five years on, the protracted situation places a further strain on Mauritanian host communities. More efforts must be done to support self-reliance for both refugees and the vulnerable host population alike.",5
1393,"Protection violations, notably those related to GBV, remain under-reported due to cultural norms and possible stigmatization of survivors.",9
1438,"At least 18 dozen homes were destroyed in weather-related incidents, while many roads became impassable across the country. Officials closed schools throughout the nation on Friday.",10
11018,"The western parts of the country (Imbo) are the most vulnerable to food insecurity, with 35 percent of the population classified in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) and four percent in Emergency (IPC Phase 4) from July to September 2017, compared with 14 percent and six percent, respectively, during the same period a year earlier.",3
11965,"The improved rainy season and harvest in March and April 2017 may produce a temporary reprieve from the complex nutritional crisis in the south, however pockets of acute malnutrition remain an obstacle to recovery. Preliminary results of the UNICEF-led nutrition SMART surveys show GAM prevalence between 10 and 15 per cent in Beloha and Amboasary districts, within the “high” prevalence range for wasting, according to WHO standards (10-14 per cent). ",8
2803,The Internal Affairs Ministry of Ukraine has said Ukrainian citizens who were detained in Russia in the case on international drug syndicate are victims of human traffickers.,9
4536,".Overall, 124 Palestinians, 14 of them children, were injured by Israeli forces in multiple clashes in the West Bank, representing a significant increase compared with the equivalent figures since the beginning of 2017. Most of the injuries occurred during clashes in the context of demonstrations commemorating the 41th anniversary of “Land Day”, marking a mass expropriation of land from Palestinian citizens of Israel. Other clashes were reported over the course of multiple search and arrest operations; at a funeral of the boy killed in Al Jalazun Refugee Camp; and during clashes in various locations across the Jerusalem and Ramallah governorates. Four Israeli soldier were reportedly injured by stones.",9
11141,"The humanitarian situation in Niger remains complex. The state of emergency has been effective in Tillabéry and Tahoua Regions since 3 March 2017. Security incidents continue to be reported in the south-east and north-west part of the country. This has disrupted humanitarian access in several localities in the region, leading to the suspension of relief activities, including mobile clinics.",4
1187,"From March to May 2017: 1,272,977 people in IPC Phase 1. 336,327 people in IPC Phase 2. 77,828 people in IPC Phase 3.  ",3
2264,"The desalination plant in Derna city (close to the exit point to thewest of the city) has been shut down due to its proximity to areas of fighting and, therefore, concerns for the safety of its staff. In addition, there are unconfirmed reports that the plant was also affected by shelling on 29 May and thus has ceased functioning. The whole city is without water supply, affecting an estimated 125,000 people who now rely only on the minimal water they have stored in their tanks or from wells. Also on 29 May, a complete shutdown in electricity occurred and continues to date, when the city’s only power plant was reportedly targeted by shelling rendering it non-operational. Both plants were facing difficulty prior to these closures due to the lack of fuel and materials for maintenance",7
10078,"The 2015/16 El Niño brought severe drought conditions to parts of. Loss of crop, livestock, a poor rice harvest and diminished seed stock are among the consequences that presented acute problems for the most vulnerable affected households. In Timor-Leste, the authorities sought immediate assistance for the affected population in five districts Revised Plan of Action (RPoA) Timor Leste: Drought  P a g e | 2 (Baucau, Cova Lima, Lautem, Oecusse and Viqueque) where the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries estimate that at least 120,000 people were severely affected. The global El Niño event of 2015/2016 whilst now in neutral phase, affected 60 million people worldwide including in Timor-Leste. In Timor Leste, drought from delayed, intermittent or absent rain seriously affected agricultural yields due to the failure, deterioration and delay of crops. Livestock deaths, food insecurity and water scarcity further compounded poor nutrition in communities as well as seriously affected livelihoods and recovery abilities. Interagency and Government led assessments revealed that up to 120,000 people in five districts were hardest hit. Affected communities used their usual coping mechanisms including selling of stock and assets, borrowing cash and food, reducing food portions, and consuming seed and food from stores normally reserved for the lean season.",5
8838,"he aim globally has been to eliminate measles. As part of this we launched two large measles vaccination campaigns in Nigeria over the past two years. This contributed to a significant reduction in the case load. But last year there were still cases being reported. This means that either the campaign was not as efficient as we thought it was or there was a problem with the cold chain. But there have been other contributing factors.  The first is malnutrition. Routine immunisation and vaccination campaigns in the North-Eastern parts of Nigeria have been particularly difficult due to the insurgency. These areas have been cut off from the rest of the country. One of the consequences is that children suffer from high levels of chronic under-nutrition.  Measles and malnutrition are a deadly combination. Once a child is malnourished and they contract measles, there is an increased chance that they will die.",4
2504,"Local markets are slowly returning, but restoring the food supply chain is one of the most immediate rehabilitation requirements and is crucial to complete the transition from emergency to recovery. Both returnees and displaced communities will need continued support to address their basic food and nutrition needs. The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations is focusing on the emergency delivery of rice, corn seeds and fertilizer to enable returning farming families to catch the year-end planting season. IDPs are also being provided with vegetable production and boiler chicken production packages to help augment incomes and food supply.",8
1548,"The United Nations Children's Fund (Unicef) says at least 2 million children are now out of school.  More than 1,700 schools are currently unfit for use due to conflict-related damage, the hosting of displaced people, or occupation by armed groups.  At least 166,443 teachers - approximately 73% of the national total - have also not received their salaries since October 2016, according to the Unicef mission in Yemen.  They are among 1.5 million civil servants only paid sporadically over the past year.",2
6285,"-The cumulative total from 27 April 2017 to 20 May 2018 is 1,100,720 suspected cholera cases and 2,291 associated deaths, (CFR 0.21%), 1119 have been confirmed by culture. - The total proportion of severe cases among the suspected cases is 15.3%- Children under 5 years old represent 28.8% of total suspected cases.- The last positive culture was on 4 May 2018 in Al Hali district in Al Hudeideh governorate - Since 1st of Jan 2018 the districts with highest cumulative suspected cases are Al Hali (5154), Radman Al Awad (2,019), Al Sabaeen (1,940), Maqbanah (1,912) , Al Mighlaf (1,834) - 155 districts are still reporting suspected cholera cases since last 3 weeks - 150 districts (out of 305 affected districts) did not report any suspected cases for the last three consecutive weeks",4
1784,"Trade  routes  into  the  east  of  the  city  are  open,  markets  are  functioning  and  produce  is  available, but assessments indicate that food is still a priority need. Food  security  analyses  undertaken  in  March  indicate  that  food  security  continues  to  remain  a  concern.  Markets  are widely  frequented  and  have  become  the  main  source  of  food,  but  families  without  an  income  are  buying  food  on  credit  from  stallholders  or  borrowing  money.  Despite  this,  reliance  on  food  assistance  provided  by  humanitarian organizations  continues  to  be  widespread.  ",3
207,"Besides, 27 primary schools in Juri and 46 primary schools in Barlekha had been closed due to floods, Alim said.",2
526,120 health institutions confirmed as the most affected. Damages in the sector not yet quantified. ,4
1792,"More than 70 percent of the recent waves of CAR refugees remain dependent on WFP to meet their food and nutrition needs with little or no means to cover their basic food needs. (IFORD / UNHCR; baseline assessment study on the livelihood of refugees using the Household Economic Approach (HEA)). It is important to note that not some refugees that arrived during the course of 2016, following recent spikes in violence in CAR, could not be supported due to the lack of resources.",3
10261, 0.8M PIN Education 0.8M PIN Food Security 1.2M PIN Health 0.5M PIN Nutrition 1.4M PIN Protection 1.2M PIN Shelter 1.1M PIN WASH,9
937,"Security situation in the Pool department: Since late September, several armed clashes between government forces and forma militia ‘Ninjas’ have occurred. According to the Government, more than 60 deadly attacks have been carried out. As a consequence, thousands of people have fled the affected areas. The area had already been hard hit by unrest. WFP has started this month an Immediate Response Emergency Operation to assist displaced persons in the surrounding villages and towns. ",3
6226,"Given the insufficient access to clean water and overcrowded and unsanitary conditions at IDP sites in Baidoa and elsewhere throughout the country, it is not surprising that there have been repeated outbreaks of acute watery diarrhea (AWD) and cholera among newly arrived IDPs and host communities alike.11 Although the crisis is being managed through improved vaccination campaigns and water, hygiene, and sanitation (WASH) interventions in certain crisis areas, the extremely poor hygiene and sanitation conditions in IDP sites must be addressed in order to stave off new disease outbreaks and avoid additional loss of life. The next rainy season in October will only heighten vulnerability to cholera.",4
3293,"Critical civilian infrastructure has been damaged, including near Avdiivka, where power lines have been destroyed, disrupting water, electricity and heating supplies. Gas and electricity supplies were also reported to have been affected in Makiivka and other areas under the control of armed groups, including Irmino and parts of Donetsk.",11
315,"55% women and 45% men affected by gender-based violence. Amongst the reasons for the use of GBV were support of Ukrainian army or volunteer batallions, political and religious views, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation. In some cases GBV was used without any particular reasons. In all the reported cases victims did not have access to justice because they had been kept in illegal detention facilities. At the same time, only approximately 25 % complained to police immediately after release.",9
591,"Government schools only admit those with identification documents, which only a handful of Rohingya refugees are able to procure.   Through his work at the mosque and madrasa, Shafiq has become popular with residents of the nearby villages. He hopes one of them will eventually be able to help him enrol his son in a school.",2
503,Several communities in Papua New Guinea (PNG) continues to suffer from the effects of man made and natural hazards including the 2015/16 El Niño induced drought and frost. In many places crop production failed that the supply of water and staple foods were significantly affected. Several people were driven to use water from unsafe sources increasing the risk of sickness and related health problems. Consequently schools and health centres shut down. ,3
11997,"The Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights (IOHR) states that civilians trying to flee from ISIS-controlled areas, particularly during battles between the Iraqi Government and ISIS fighters, have no safe escape routes, where all corridors out of the city are subject to ISIS attacks.According to IOHR statistics, at least 25 civilians were killed since 1 April 2017 on Abu Zeayan street in the right coast of Mosul, considered one of the ‘safe corridors’ provided by the Iraqi Government Forces.",9
1783,"According to the World Bank, significant gender disparities persist across the country. Myanmar is ranked 85 out of 187 on the Gender Inequality Index, with only half of women in the workforce, compared to 85 per cent of men. The challenges faced by women are particularly pronounced in remote and conflict-affected areas, where women and girls are exposed to various forms of gender-based violence, trafficking and discrimination, including customary laws that inhibit land tenure, property ownership and inheritance.sexual violence was widespread in Kachin, northern Shan and Rakhine, as well as other areas of the country. Women and girls from ethnic or religious minorities, as well as stateless women, remain especially vulnerable and often suffer multiple forms of abuse. Human trafficking and sexual slavery abroad also remain serious concerns, especially for younger women. The combination of gender inequality and exposure to violence, harassment and abuse not only remain critical protection risks but serve as a significant impediment to women’s participation in decision making to support recovery, transition, peace building and development. Disabled women are particularly vulnerable and often face additional discrimination.",9
7116,"October 2017 to January 2018: From October, the long rains harvest from the high and medium-producing areas is expected to improve food availability and access, slightly easing staple food prices, generally improving food security outcomes. However, the atypical extension of rains into the harvesting period is likely to result in post-harvest losses, reducing the supply, and maintaining maize prices at 24 – 26 percent above average. The short rains are expected to improve forage and water availability, resulting in improved food and milk consumption across most of the country. Nurses’ return to work is expected to increase health and nutrition activities, leading to typical improvements usually observed in nutritional status from late November through January. At a macro level, regional and international maize imports are expected to increase by 50 percent from January onwards, following increased availability from harvests in Ethiopia and Uganda, increasing supply and moderating atypically early and rapid price increases. With the availability of the long rains harvest and regional and international imports facilitating good food access, the high and medium-producing areas are likely to experience Minimal (IPC Phase 1) outcomes. By mid to late December, across the pastoral areas, there are expected improvements, which will be largely reflected in higher livestock productivity levels. This is likely to lead to higher food and income sources and an improvement to Stressed (IPC Phase 2) outcomes. In some eastern pastoral areas, even if total cumulative rainfall is below-average, the short rains are still likely to be sufficient to register an improvement in forage and water resources since the rainfall deficits were not as severe during the 2017 long rains in most areas, outside of Isiolo. However, emergency humanitarian assistance will still likely be required for some of the most vulnerable households, who will still experience Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes at the end of January. Overall, Stressed (IPC Phase 2) outcomes are expected across the majority of the marginal agricultural areas.",3
460,"Based on a series of field visits and interviews, partners working in the education sector (the Education in Emergency Working Group) identified 36 schools in Area C and eight in East Jerusalem that are at risk of full or partial demolition due to outstanding orders affecting all or part of their facilities. These schools currently serve about 5,000 children",2
461," Drinking water remains scarce in a number of camps and towns in Sudan because of stalled water pumps and water supply outages resulting from the lack of fuel. The fuel supply is about to be restored, according to Khartoum. ",7
1573,"Mozogo is one of the Cameroon towns that have suffered severe Boko Haram atrocities, with schools, markets, churches and Mosques burned by members of the group.Arouna Abba, a community leader at Mozogo,said they first of all want the government of Cameroon to assure them of their security and safety.  He said their resources are stretched and the economic needs of villagers who braved attacks and stayed home will increase if they allow the former hostages to return. Abba said villagers already lack water to drink and it will terrible if they share the little they have.",11
114,"Nearly all KIs reported that access to cash had been significantly reduced since the start of displacement from Sabratha. However, only one-quarter of KIs, all in Surman and Az-Zawya, reported that coping mechanisms were being used to compensate for a lack of cash. The most commonly reported coping mechanisms were purchasing food on credit and selling nonproductive assets.",5
10226,"Humanitarian assistance has concluded in most countries in Southern Africa and areas are experiencing Stressed (IPC Phase 2) and Minimal (IPC Phase 1) outcomes in May as household food availability improves with harvests. For the second half of the outlook period (June-September), most of the region will experience Minimal (IPC Phase 1) outcomes",3
8200,"One dead, 26 infected with cholera in Sudan’s El Gedaref A health source in El Gedaref state reported that one person has died and 26 others are infected with cholera. ",4
7326,"6.7 million people in need of food security.The level of support to IPC phase 2 (stressed) population was not to the level of need across Somalia, primarily due to the need to prioritize available funding to meet immediate needs. This gap has persisted and potentially increased the risk of food security deterioration for households while forcing some households to resort to “irreversible” coping strategies.",3
6549,"Before the hurricane, humanitarian needs throughout the country were already quite significant, notably due to the cholera epidemic, the El-Niño-induced drought, the bi-national migration crisis, and the internally displaced persons (IDPs) following the 2010 earthquake.",4
17,"Lack of employment opportunities. According to different surveys, 6%-15% of IDPs who were employed before the displacement were unemployed for the moment of the survey. 14% of IDPs aged 18-59 (12% of men and 15% of women) are unemployed and searching for the job vs. 11% of the general population (12% of men and 9% of women). The employment rate increased from 35% in June, 2016 to 46% in June, 2017. The increasing number of IDPs who feel themselves “integrated” and who don’t want to return is observed in parallel.",5
6488,"'Eighteen people passed on due to disasters caused by heavy rains in the night of 23rd April,' Rwanda’s ministry in charge of disaster management said on Twitter.Seven people died in Rwanda’s north, eight in the capital Kigali and three in Gatsibo in the east, with 79 houses and 56 hectares of crops destroyed, it said. The ministry was still assessing the extent of damage from the heavy rain.Monday’s toll follows the deaths of 51 people in heavy rains and lightning between January and mid-April, the ministry said.That toll included 16 people who died when lightning struck a church in March.",10
986," A single airstrike hit and partially destroyed the Syrian Arab Red Crescent (SARC) center in opposition-held Idlib city before dawn on Wednesday, injuring four volunteers and causing a partial collapse of the building.",4
5602,"DRC is experiencing one of the worst cholera outbreaks in the past 15 years, with 43,852 suspected cases and 871 related deaths being reported since the start of this year and 21 provinces affected over 26. Fears are growing in Kasai where new cases of cholera have recently been reported, a region where over 1.3 million displaced people have limited access to safe water and sanitation. This risk is only further compounded by the fact that Kasai has not experienced a cholera outbreak in the past 10 years.",4
1591,"First, the continued return of displaced persons to their areas of origin continues to stretch already scarce resources to the limit. Since 9 April, more than 6,000 returnees have been registered with the National Immigration Service, and the first two weeks of May were characterized by a huge influx of returnees from Cameroon (1,500 refugees reported to have returned from Minawao camp). Reports are anticipating an additional 2,500 refugees expected to enter shortly through the Ngala and Banki border posts. The conditions in return areas are very poor and camps are overcrowded. The situation continues to deteriorate with serious protection implications. The returnees are in a precarious state, lacking all basic life necessities, including shelter, food and water. ",10
11045," Sudan’s President Omar Al Bashir is due to inaugurate the first turbine of the Upper Atbara-Setit Dam Complex in El Gedaref state on Thursday, but those displaced by the project complain of poverty and unemployment.",1
3998,"During this period of the year, clashes between Afghan national Security Forces (ANSF) and Non-State Armed Groups’ (NSAG) are prevalent in the southern and eastern regions where the climate does not have a significant impact on movement. This results in insecurity along the main supply route (highway) connecting Kabul-Kandahar-Herat.",6
4396,"This time, a 4.7 magnitude quake struck Wednesday night in the remote reaches of Niger, about 230 kilometers from the ancient city of Djado. There were no reports of immediate damage, and there are few inhabitants in this Ténéré region of the Sahara, east of the uranium mining center of Arlit and the Aïr Mountains. ",10
7258,"29 August 2017: In Zoumi town, Ouezzane province, Tanger-Tetouan-Al Hoceima region, a protest organised by the National Association of Persons with Disability was held in front of the town’s health centre to express dissatisfaction with the regional health services. Source: Hespress 29 August 2017: In Dahkla city, Western Sahara territory, citizens held a protest in front of Hassan II Hospital for the lack of health facilities and services. Source: Dahkla Now",4
154,"The outbreak of the crisis has exacerbated tensions between farmers and pastoralists, resulting in increasingly violent intercommunal conflict. Livestock production, in particular transhumant livestock herding, was severely affected. As resuming regular transhumance movement is linked to the restoration of security in the country, actions promoting intercommunity dialogue and social cohesion are necessary to reduce the risks of transhumance-related conflict.",3
5186,The number of new arrivals in various IDP camps is putting pressure on limited WASH resources.,11
293,"In Jordan and Iraq, the additional population pressure has taxed both public infrastructure (e.g. roads, health, water) and private infrastructure (e.g. housing), with the government facing significant pressure to maintain the quality of services and infrastructure.",10
318,"Hudaydah, Hadramout, Taiz and Abyan are all above WHO critical threshold of GAM",8
1195,"• In addition to drought, populations across Ethiopia confront other challenges—including seasonal flooding, localized intercommunal conflict, above-average food prices, disease outbreaks, and limited access to health and WASH services—that contribute to sustained humanitarian needs and an ongoing complex emergency.",1
10738,"The number of malaria cases is decreasing (6,891,291 cases with 3,017 deaths) dropping under the, same time last year. Malaria cases usually increase by the end of the year due to the rainy season. This demonstrates the positive impact of the response measures implemented by partners.",4
11009,"Introduction: The Zika virus (ZIKV) outbreak in the island nation of Cabo Verde was of unprecedented magnitude in Africa and the first to be associated with microcephaly in the continent. Methods: Using a simple mathematical framework we present a first epidemiological assessment of attack and observation rates from 7,580 ZIKV notified cases and 18 microcephaly reports between July 2015 and May 2016. Results: In line with observations from the Americas and elsewhere, the single-wave Cabo Verdean ZIKV epidemic was characterized by a basic reproductive number of 1.85 (95% CI, 1.5 – 2.2), with overall the attack rate of 51.1% (range 42.1 – 61.1) and observation rate of 2.7% (range 2.29 – 3.33). Conclusion: Current herd-immunity may not be sufficient to prevent future small-to-medium epidemics in Cabo Verde. Together with a small observation rate, these results highlight the need for rapid and integrated epidemiological, molecular and genomic surveillance to tackle forthcoming outbreaks of ZIKV and other arboviruses",4
291,"The loss of two consecutive harvests due to poor rainfall has impacted food security and resilience. As a consequence of the poor Maha harvest, seeds for the Yala season are “seriously compromised.” This, coupled with water shortages, could exacerbate the situation if the Yala harvest is severely impacted as expected.",0
833,"On Wednesday, 9 August, when 120 people were forced from a boat [read more here], the remains of 29 individuals (12 Ethiopian males, 12 Ethiopian females and five Somali males) were found by IOM staff on the same day. The number of people still missing has reduced from 22 to six, all of whom are Ethiopian males. Through contact or from other survivors’ reports, IOM was able to account for a majority of the missing. This makes 35 people presumed dead from the first incident. IOM provided urgent medical care, as well as food and water, to 27 survivors, 22 of whom were Ethiopian males, and the remainder, five Somali males. Eighty-five people in total survived this incident. However, many others had left the beach before IOM arrived to assist On Thursday, 10 August, a further 160 people were forced from a second boat [read more here], again off the coast of Yemen’s Shabwa Governorate but in a different location from the first tragedy and closer to the shore. On the day of this incident, IOM found six bodies on the beach. On 11 August, IOM and local people found another four and on 12 August, another two. The current total number of confirmed dead from the second incident is 12 (eight Ethiopian males and four Ethiopian females). In the immediate aftermath of the smugglers’ actions during the second incident, 13 people were missing. Only six people remain missing and so, 18 are now presumed dead.",9
5766,"According to Health Cluster analysis, the main causes of avoidable deaths in Yemen are communicable diseases, maternal, newborn and nutritional conditions (together accounting for 50 per cent of mortality), and non-communicable diseases (39 per cent of mortality). Rising hunger has had a direct impact on the health situation. “Every food crisis is also a health crisis,” Zagaria said, adding that malnutrition leaves people, particularly children, vulnerable to infection, and infection worsens the effects of malnutrition. Severely wasted children are 11 times more likely to die than children at a healthy weight. Not only that, the cognitive capacities and overall development of children who survive are likely to be impaired. This will affect them for the rest of their lives.",4
1895,"The cholera outbreak in Tanzania is showing an increasing trend in the early part of 2018. In the week ending 25 February 2018, there was an increase to 321 cases and seven deaths (case fatality rate 2.2%) from 231 cases and five deaths (case fatality rate 2.1%) in the previous week. This week, five out of 26 regions or nine out of 184 districts in Tanzania Mainland reported cases. More cholera cases have been reported in the past three weeks as compared to the same period in 2017. The five regions that reported cases this week are Ruvuma (122 cases and one death), Dodoma (89 cases and six deaths), Rukwa (47 cases, no deaths), Morogoro (45 cases, no deaths) and Iringa (18 cases, no deaths). The nine districts that reported cases are Ruvuma Region, Nyasa DC (80 cases, no deaths), Mbinga DC (42 cases, one death); Dodoma Region, Mpwapwa DC (62 cases, six deaths), Chamwino DC (19 cases, no deaths), Kongwa DC (eight cases, no deaths); Rukwa Region, Sumbawanga DC (47 cases, no deaths); Morogoro Region, Kilosa DC (38 cases, no deaths), Mvomero DC (seven cases, no deaths); Iringa Region, Kilolo DC (18 cases, no deaths). For the past four weeks (ending 25 February 2018), Dodoma Region reported 428 (43.6%) of the 981 cases, followed by Ruvuma Region 302 (30.8%), Rukwa Region 123 (12.5%), Iringa Region 76 (7.7%), Morogoro 49 (5.0%) and Kigoma 3 (0.3%). Zanzibar continues to report no cholera cases in 2018, with the last reported case on 11 July 2017.The continuation of the cholera outbreak on the mainland of Tanzania is of concern, particularly in light of the upswing in cases in recent weeks and the approaching rainy season. The gaps in responses in Dodoma are of special concern since this area reports just over 40% of cases. The high case fatality rate recorded since the beginning of the year underscores the importance of enhancing timely detection and appropriate clinical management of cases. A budgeted cholera elimination plan is being drafted and needs to be released as soon as possible to guide future interventions. National authorities and international actors need urgently to upscale response efforts in order to bring this outbreak to a close.",4
9734,"'Avalanches have buried two entire villages,' a spokesman for the ministry told news agency AFP of the Barg Matal area in Nuristan.",10
9158,"Two weeks after US-backed forces captured Raqqa from the Islamic State, the city lies in ruins, strewn with mines as early reconstruction efforts get underway, while thousands of displaced residents wait to return. Months of battle and bombings shattered Raqqa city’s infrastructure, leaving most of it uninhabitable for thousands of people now trapped outside their home city, says Firas Mamdouh al-Fahd, a member of the Raqqa Civil Council. “The city lacks the most basic services: water, electricity, a sewage system,” al-Fahd told Syria Direct. “Many buildings that were not destroyed are still liable to collapse.”",9
1699,"Given that they rely on the food rations, the 12 kg they receive is not adequate for them to eat for 30 days. They are forced to go some days without eating to. The situation is compounded by unavailability of jobs in the camps. The men approximated that the percent of households that adequately meet their household needs through their current means to be less than 10% of households. They reported that a vast of households in the camp usually go to bed on empty stomachs; they fail to afford good clothing and they fail to afford good medical care. They said that their livelihood sources are so meager that they sleep on mats; and their homes are infested with too many bed bucks. Their very survival depends solely on food rations.",3
10396,"Some migrants prefer to sleep rough so they are able to contact smugglers more easily, he said.",7
4977,"Inside Ar-Raqqa city, the water supply has been cut for the past ten days, following a defect at the pumping station, a general lack of electricity and a lack of diesel to operate generators. Residents of Ar-Raqqa currently depend on trucked water, which is unfit for consumption as it originates from the Euphrates river. There are only nine doctors remaining inside Ar-Raqqa city, and key medicines are no longer available.",11
4995,"An allocation of CHF 215,752 from the IFRC Disaster Relief Emergency Fund (DREF) was made on 15 April 2016 to enable CVTL to respond to the humanitarian needs of vulnerable communities affected by the drought. Prior to the DREF allocation, the IFRC Asia Pacific Regional Office (APRO) deployed a cash and livelihoods coordinator to support CVTL in undertaking an initial assessment and developing a response plan. An emergency appeal operation was subsequently launched on 18 May 2016, seeking CHF 798,618 to address the needs created by the El Niño-induced drought and to ensure that CVTL capacity was built in preparation for a possible La Niña event. Following the comprehensive household-level assessment, CVTL identified 5,508 households (with a total beneficiary number of 28,650) as vulnerable and, therefore, eligible to receive assistance from the National Society. An initial revision of the plan of action was done on 15 September. The revision in September increased the number of target households from 4,000 to 5,500 and focused on targeted food distribution, strengthening livelihoods with seed distribution and an integration of health and nutrition activities. This strategy was designed to prepare communities and improve resilience in preparation for the traditional lean season due from November to March. This second revision removes food, seed distribution and conditional cash for livelihoods activities and replaces them with a broader unconditional cash distribution process. The revision also extends the operation’s timeframe, allowing CVTL sufficient time to implement the disaster risk reduction and National Society capacity building activities.",1
8425,UNICEF-supported water trucks have stopped delivering much needed safe water to vulnerable areas in the city since March 15 due to the escalation of violence. [afrin],11
10202,"62.9% of the cases (804) are male while females represented 37.1% (475) of the reported cases.Although dengue is endemic in Pakistan, the current situation needs to be responded with a sense of urgency. Dengue fever like any other arboviruses are difficult to control owing to sustenance of competent vector. Vector control using appropriate methods and insecticide remains the mainstay of the response measures. Appropriate social mobilization campaigns and risk communication should be combined with appropriate vector control strategy for long-term control and also preventing geographic spread of the disease.",11
1907,"Staple food prices have increased sharply in many markets in Sudan, following the devaluation of the Sudanese Pound and removal of wheat subsidies in late 2017. This is likely to drive an increase in the total number of households facing Stressed (IPC Phase 2) and Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes.",3
6205,"Over 2,000 houses were damaged and 76,300 hectares of crops affected.",10
10692,"According to the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA), between July and September 2017, some refugees started to return to their homeland with 122 000 returnees in Kasai Central and 9 000 in Lomami. These returns are happening in villages that are in poor condition to receive them. The urgent needs of these returnees include food, essential household items, shelters, livelihood support, and psychosocial assistance",4
416,"In view of the current critical humanitarian situation in Libya and the appalling, often life - threatening conditions faced by asylum seekers and refugees in the detention centres, UNHCR intends to evacuate between 700 and 1,300 persons of concern from Libya to Niger by the end of January 2018. The total number will be subject to identification and referrals, including by our partners, in particular by IOM. In order to address the immediate protection needs and extreme vulnerabilities of the persons of concern who will be evacuated to Niger, UNHCR urgently requests 1,300 places for resettlement for this situation.",10
9271,"Khan al-Ahmar, which lies on land that Israel has earmarked for expansion of settlements near Ma’ale Adumim east of Jerusalem, is home to 21 families numbering 146 persons, including 85 minors. It has a mosque and also a local school, which was established in 2009 and serves more than 150 children between the ages of six and fifteen – some of them from neighboring communities.",2
4785,"Despite the decrease in livestock supply in markets due to greater transhumance, prices of goats and cattle continue to decline except in the east of the agropastoral zone (moughataas of Kiffa, Aioun El Atrouss, Timbedra Nema) where pastoral trade is becoming the base of household incomes.",5
6872,"Worsening food insecurity is primarily driven by protracted conflict and displacements, which have contributed to insufficient crop production (only 61% of the 2018 national cereal needs are met by the harvest), disruptions to livelihoods and persistent macroeconomic deterioration. Livelihoods have been further eroded by climatic shocks, such as prolonged dry spells and flooding, and pest infestations (e.g. Fall Armyworm)",3
94,"—The current outbreak of hepatitis E in Diffa, Niger declared by the Nigerien authorities last week highlights the poor water and sanitation conditions in which the vast majority of the displaced people and refugees in the region are living, the international medical humanitarian organization Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) said today. MSF is calling on authorities and humanitarian organizations in the area to act quickly to prevent further spread by ensuring adequate water supply and improved sanitation conditions.  From December 2016 to last Sunday, 135 cases of jaundice—one of the most common symptoms of hepatitis E—have been detected in Diffa. Many of these cases were pregnant women who needed to be admitted to the main maternal and pediatric health center, where MSF is working with the Ministry of Health. Of these pregnant women, 25 died due to acute liver failure. There is no treatment for acute hepatitis E, which is especially deadly in pregnant women. ",4
10567,"Flood and cyclones earlier in the year have affected 66,616 ha, representing 1.2 per cent of the total area planted, with 61,113 farmers affected. There have also been delays in rainfall in rice-growing areas, which may result in a 30 per cent to 40 per cent production decrease",0
1066,"More political opposition members detained in Sudan On Saturday, agents of the National Intelligence and Security Service (NISS) detained a prominent member of the National Umma Party in Omdurman. Four members of the Sudanese Congress Party were held in Sudan’s Northern State on Sunday. ",9
3662,"The prevalence of slavery in Mauritania is among the highest in the world. The efforts the nation has made in the past few decades to not only dismantle the institutionalized practice, but also criminalize it, remain largely unsuccessful. In 1981, by presidential decree, Mauritania became the last country to legally abolish slavery; however, this decree failed to enforce the practice’s termination through the judicial system. In response to the persistence of slavery, the government criminalized slaveholding in 2007. The legislative efforts have been largely superficial, done to appease foreign powers. The problem continues, however, due to the government's failure in implementation and enforcement, coupled with its suppression of the public abolition movement. ",9
1886,"The conduct of hostilities has been brutal. As of 25 October 2016, health facilities had reported almost 44,000 casualties (including nearly 7,100 deaths) – an average of 75 people killed or injured every day. These figures significantly undercount the true extent of casualties given diminished reporting capacity of health facilities after 19 months of war and many people’s inability to access healthcare at all. UN Member States, UN organizations, humanitarian partners and human rights organizations, have outlined serious concerns regarding the conduct of the conflict, in which violations of international humanitarian law and international human rights law have been committed by all parties to the conflict. ",4
11281,"In total, the number of people it is estimated that 5.9 million people are in food crisis and accelerated depletion of livelihood assets (phases 3 and 4) in areas that have been classified.  ",3
11714,"With conflict in Yemen hitting civilians hard, killing and injuring many and causing widespread hunger, some 30,600 Somalis have reportedly already returned to Somalia from since hostilities broke out in March 2015.",9
5875,"By 24 May 2017, PRMN partners had monitored at least 15,240 individuals (approximately 2,540 households) who were forced to flee as a result of the violence. The majority of those displaced by the incident are said to have sought refuge in Marka town (Ayuub area, Bulo she ikh Xasan Yusuf, Bulo beylow camp, Km 50 (Alayasir camp) and Ceeljaale. However, the network also monitored the arrival of around 102 individuals at Bogol Soon area, and Kaxda; while several more persons are said to still be en route. A significant number of pastoralist families are also reported to be moving toward Kurtuwarey District. Al Shabaab is reported to have imposed taxes ranging from USD 20 to 30 on fleeing households, according to those interviewed on arrival. ",9
6513,"In a January assessment in Gaza Province, FEWS NET observed crops at different stages as farmers have planted in a strategic way. They try to avoid the impact of mid-season dry spells and plant when it rains and they have seeds. Some farmers are unable to obtain seeds on their own, and planned seed distributions are ongoing but still will not cover all needs. ",0
5551,"UNICEF will donate water containers, water purification tablets and tarpaulin sheets to the Disaster Management Centre (DMC). WHO will be supporting the Ministry of Health to deploy medical teams to the affected districts. WFP and UNDP are supporting the DMC with information management. UN OCHA will provide additional human resources for coordination with Government and Humanitarian Partners. Search and Rescue efforts are on standby from neighbouring countries and can be deployed if needed.",1
5026,"*CAVEATS: In general, UNAMI has been hindered in effectively verifying casualties in conflict areas. Figures for casualties from Anbar Governorate are provided by the Health Directorate and are noted above. Casualty figures obtained from the Anbar Health Directorate might not fully reflect the real number of casualties in those areas due to the increased volatility of the situation on the ground and the disruption of services. In some cases, UNAMI could only partially verify certain incidents. UNAMI has also received, without being able to verify, reports of large numbers of casualties along with unknown numbers of persons who have died from secondary effects of violence after having fled their homes due to exposure to the elements, lack of water, food, medicines and health care. Since the start of the military operations to retake Mosul and other areas in Ninewa, UNAMI has received several reports of incidents involving civilian casualties, which at times it has been unable to verify. For these reasons, the figures reported have to be considered as the absolute minimum.  ",8
1780,"Farmers, rights activists and local  council representatives at a rally yesterday afternoon demanded adequate support for people of haors and punishing those whose negligence and corruption led to building of faulty embankments, which gave way to flood waters recently.",1
6393,"Human Rights Watch also found that the Armenian government is not doing enough to ensure quality, inclusive education for all children. Inclusive education involves children with disabilities studying in their community schools with reasonable support for academic and other achievement.",9
5688,Children make up an increasing proportion of both suspected cases and deaths – representing 54% of cholera infections and nearly a third of all deaths.,4
2161,"Earthquake: 8,425 affected population, 7,835 IDP, 1,685 partially or totally damaged houses, 12 partially damaged schools, 5 damaged road sections, 6 damaged bridges, 1 damaged and closed airport, 1 inacessible seaport",6
6445,"Malnutrition is widespread in the DRC, with approximately two million severely wasted children in the country, according to UNICEF. Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) teams discovered an astonishing number of severely undernourished children there during a massive measles vaccination campaign. “The situation far exceeded international emergency thresholds, with severe acute malnutrition rates of three percent in many localities,” says Francisco Otero y Villar, MSF’s Head of Mission in South Kivu. “Large scale internal displacement in the region, an on-going, lean agricultural season, and limited presence of aid actors forced MSF to intervene to control this silently unfolding emergency.”",8
6481,"The armed groups in Benghazi are preventing at least 3,700 families from returning to the city, according to the Benghazi Committee, a body based in Tripoli that coordinates relief support to displaced people from eastern Libya.",9
7113,There are some reports however that one battle between the Taliban and security forces completely destroyed Mangalha village.,10
6640,"South Sudan is facing the worst food insecurity levels seen since 2010. Food availability is being affected by cereal production deficits, extreme inflation (900%), insecurity, economic crisis and largescale population displacement, as well as by poor regional food supplies. The country is now approaching peak lean season, when a record over five million people are expected to be food insecure. Of greatest concern are the states of Northern Bahr el Ghazal and Unity, as well as areas of Jonglei, Eastern Equatoria and Central Equatoria. A report from the Famine Early Warning Systems Network released on 25 January gives a very bleak outlook for South Sudan in 2017, with some areas at risk of reaching levels of food insecurity associated with famine. In order to save lives it is essential that humanitarian access to key affected areas is improved.",3
5024,"these provinces flooded houses and swept away cars after rivers burst their banks. According to the official reports, two counties of Ajabshir and Azarshahr in Azerbaijane-Sharghi province were mostly affected.",7
2564,"Many areas recently became accessible for needs assessments, such as Masaken Hanano, Meshateeh, Tareek  Bab, Shaar, and Qaterji. Assessment visits to the aforementioned areas showed an urgent need for water and  electricity as well as NFIs as most of the returnees families found their houses were looted prior to their return.  ",11
5494,"As people return home to Mosul and other areas of northern Iraq freed from Islamic State, homemade bombs and explosives laid on an industrial scale by the insurgents are claiming hundreds of victims and hampering efforts to bring life back to normal.  Houses, schools, mosques and streets are all booby-trapped, a big problem in West Mosul following its recapture by government forces this month after nine months of fighting.",9
1718,"Prices of essential commodities have increased in the town of Bor in Jonglei State while the cost of foreign exchange has also risen in the area, according to the chamber of commerce.Speaking to Radio Tamazuj on Friday, Mabior Kuol Ajok, the monitoring officer for Jonglei’s commerce chamber said 25 prices of commodities have increased sharply in the market.He explained that the prices of a sack of sugar and beans have increased by 1,000SSP since last week. He pointed out that the price of a sack of sugar was 6,500 but it has now increased,” he said.The official lamented that the decline of purchasing power has dropped dramatically in the recent weeks in the town of Bor. ",3
1782,"On 05 February, local sources reported that bombs suspected to contain napalm struck Heish village in southern rural Idleb. The strikes damaged two schools, of which one was rendered inoperable, according to local sources.",9
11594,"In Darfur, the UN report said the government was responsible for approximately half the cases of child soldier recruitment. In the Two Areas, the Sudan People’s Liberation Army-North (SPLM-N) rebels constituted the main perpetrators of child soldier recruitment, with 104 documented cases compared to 39 government cases, the report said",9
10549,"So far, 20,327 suspected Measles cases with 108 laboratory confirmed cases and 111 deaths (CFR, 0. 55%) have been reported in 2017 from 36 States and FCT (Figure 4) compared with 23,973 suspected cases and 100 deaths (CFR, 0.42%) from 36 States and FCT during the same period in 2016",4
340,? Food distribution is managed by the National Red Cross with food provision from WFP. ,3
6124,"Businesses and households in Malé have been struggling to buy drinking water for the past five weeks amid an acute shortage caused by a fall in production coupled with high demand during the dry season.  In an announcement Tuesday, the economic development ministry urged shops not to sell the locally produced bottled mineral water at inflated prices. The price of a case has reportedly increased by up to MVR10 (US$0.60) in some corner shops.",11
6231,In the East conflict was ongoing in Sabri and Souq Al Hout neighbourhoods in Benghazi. The number of returnees identified in Benghazi remained stable compared to the previous round. In spite of the deescalation of conflict in Garyounes no returns were recorded during the data collection period as electricity and water networks were not yet functional. ,7
5713,"The population is lacking food with food insecurity scores as high as 4(emergency) or 3 (crisis), as well as agricultural inputs for early recovery. This situation is affecting the nutritional status of the most vulnerable (including children, pregnant and lactating women), with alarming malnutrition rates of 16% of Global Acute Malnutrition and 4.5% of severe acute malnutrition, thus needing an urgent response through therapeutic, supplementary and community nutrition services. The displaced population are in dire need of basic NFI kits and shelter, as they lost everything while fleeing, and their villages completely or partially destroyed. Existing ethnic and tribal tensions have worsened, thus communities are in need of support for peaceful cohabitation and cohesion including some targeted advocacy work.",1
5900,"314 dead, 332 injured and 106 missing due to Mocoa floods and landslides. 4605 affected families. Education suspended for 12,548 people",2
6960,There are reports that the Pakistani military forces over the past two weeks have fired more than 500 rockets on Afghanistan’s border regions. The attacks have left more than 500 families homeless.,10
5366,"The Mayor of Mosul highlighted to humanitarian actors that food, water and waste management are the most urgent gaps in return areas.",3
1931,"• Flash floods affect 9,000 people (1,780 families) in Kalma IDP camp, South Darfur. response ongoing",10
7341,"Following developments in the military situation in the Avdiivka area, the Donetsk Filtration Station has not been functioning for several days. The filtration station supplies around 40,000 people in Avdiivka and surrounding villages and the situation is now critical.",11
10473,"UNICEF and UNFPA provide regular support (drugs and medical supplies ), either directly to agencies managing the health facilities or through the SMoH covering more than 90% of the functioning BHUs and PHCCs (routine EPI services are mainly supported by UNICEF). Moreover, UNICEF and UNFPA provide midwifery and reproductive health kits to Rural Hospitals in addition to WHO’s support.",4
8261,"There are an estimated 3.1 million out-of-school children in Sudan9, constituting one of the largest numbers in the Middle East and North Africa region. In November, UNICEF and partners have provided educational support through the provision of essential education supplies to 2,231 (600 girls and 1,631 boys) out of school children in emergency situations in Central Darfur and 2,409 (975 girls and 1,434 boys) Sudanese returnee children in White Nile State from conflict affected areas in South Sudan",2
7379,60% of displaced Syrians over 15 years old are without legal residency. ,5
4663,"South Africa's drought-stricken city of Cape Town has pushed back its estimate for 'Day Zero,' when residents will have to start queuing for water, to May 11 from April 16, authorities said on Monday, citing a decline in agricultural water usage.",11
4659,"Key infrastructure, such as water and electricity facilities continued to be regularly aected by shelling and harsh weather conditions. On several occasions, over 400 000 people were left without water, electricity and heat for over 24 hours, due to the harsh weather conditions.",11
3145,"The population is lacking food with food insecurity scores as high as 4(emergency) or 3 (crisis), as well as agricultural inputs for early recovery. This situation is affecting the nutritional status of the most vulnerable (including children, pregnant and lactating women), with alarming malnutrition rates of 16% of Global Acute Malnutrition and 4.5% of severe acute malnutrition, thus needing an urgent response through therapeutic, supplementary and community nutrition services. The displaced population are in dire need of basic NFI kits and shelter, as they lost everything while fleeing, and their villages completely or partially destroyed. Existing ethnic and tribal tensions have worsened, thus communities are in need of support for peaceful cohabitation and cohesion including some targeted advocacy work.",3
5354,"According the ministry, the number of health facilities that stopped work, due to the crisis, has reached to 16 health centers and a hospital in Gaza.",7
4016,"According to data from a rapid assessment conducted by Rwanda Red Cross staff and volunteers, it is estimated that 5,850 people from 1,170 households have been affected by heavy winds and out of them 640 families are now homeless and classified as most vulnerable. The disaster caused three deaths and 24 people were injured. The affected families are currently accommodated in the nearby communities after their homes were damaged and a variety of household materials, shelters and clothing destroyed, leaving the affected population without basic necessities and means. Household bedding materials were also destroyed, creating the need for blankets, sleeping mats and other essential Non-Food items (NFIs). It has been reported that an estimated of 1,024 hectares of mixed crops (including banana trees and cassava plants) were destroyed, and household food stocks were completely damaged. As a result, a lack of access to food stuffs presents a situation that may result in short term food insecurity, especially for chronically ill people, the elderly, female-headed households, lactating mothers and under-five children, pregnant women, and single DREF Emergency Plan of Action (EPoA) Rwanda Storm & Heavy Winds Page | 2 parents. Furthermore, latrines and other sanitation infrastructure were also destroyed, increasing the risk of diseases outbreak, particularly during the current rainy season.",0
3689,"Ongwediva-Some 23,581 learners from schools in Omusati Region are currently idling at home as a precautionary measure taken by 67 schools that have been flooded by the incessant heavy rains that have deluged the north of Namibia in recent weeks.",2
11491,"High food insecurity, limited access to essential services including health care, and poor access to safe water and sanitation may have exacerbated an already serious malnutrition situation (based on DHS 2015-16 for Rakhine State, the Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) was at 13.9 percent while the Severe Acute malnutrition (SAM) - 3.7 percent). None of the children from 6 to 23 months met the minimum adequate diet, only 2.5 percent reached minimum dietary diversity and 8.5 percent met the minimum meal frequency Preliminary data of early 2017 shows an increase in children requiring treatment of acute malnutrition, and it is estimated that 80,500 children under the age of five are expected to be in need of treatment for acute malnutrition over the next twelve months",8
1947,"The report documents that 34 civilians, including seven children and two women, have either died drowning as they were fleeing by sea or in bombings that SNHR hasn’t been able to identify its perpetrators or were carried out by unidentified armed groups to SNHR in addition to the victims who fell in the indiscriminate bombardment of the Turkish land and air forces. ",4
11847,"Schools need to be repaired urgently, and students and teachers who lost everything need school supplies. ",2
4712,"Key Achievements • 110,596 out of a targeted 180,000 children accessed protective learning spaces • 59,195 out of a targeted 175,000 children accessed gender specific WASH facilities in schools and learning spaces • 393,428 out of a targeted 428,000 children received fortified school meals • 108,232 out of a targeted 400,000 children received better education through improved teaching practices and access to learning materials • 48,360 out of a targeted 100,000 children received access to seating desks, benches and chairs • 8,023 out of a targeted 4,000 teachers were trained on core subjects and Education in Emergencies • 431 out of a targeted 4,500 education actors (PTAs, headmasters, govt officials) were trained on education and school management in emergencies • 4,095 out of a targeted 100 education actors participated in assessments and contributed towards education coordination in the field • 47,835 children having access to the life-skills,hygiene and health education",2
1983,"Children  especially those from herders families - are expected to be particularly affected by this crisis; the usually long journey to school at the beginning of term is now more dangerous, their schools and dormitories are incredibly cold, and respiratory infections are common, but access to healthcare is very poor. ",4
9691,"In 2018, the humanitarian community in Haiti will primarily focus on food insecurity, cholera epidemic, binational migration situation, IDPs still living in camps, unmet needs of people affected by recent disasters and preparedness for possible natural disasters in 2018.",4
1945,"Seventeen (17) aid workers were killed between January and August 2017Humanitarian efforts continue to be met with increasing constraints on access. Nearly 630 humanitarian access incidents have been reported since January, including attacks on humanitarian compounds, and looting of aid supplies and convoys across the country. Since January, 27 security-related incidents have forced the relocation of some 300 aid workers. These incid",9
5094,"An Intercluster assessment mission visited 14 villages, of which 10 are on the islands south of Bol, where no humanitarian assistance has been provided to date. The mission estimated the affected population in visited areas at nearly 40,000 people, 30% of whom are school-aged children. As urgent humanitarian needs were identified (no access to drinking water and sanitation, malnutrition and food insecurity, lack of basic services), UNICEF is preparing a response plan to tackle them.",8
6761,"In Malaysia, the number of registered Persons of Concern (POC) to UNHCR is currently 150,430, of which approximately 56,000 are Rohingya.",9
4549,"Tens of thousands of Yemenis are fleeing their homes as fighting intensifies near a rebel-held western coastal province, a rights group said, warning the worst humanitarian crisis in the three-year conflict is yet to come if battles engulf urban areas.Displaced civilians in the southern city of Aden described 'terrifying mortar attacks, air strikes, landmines and other dangers' amid the government-led offensive, according to an Amnesty International report published on Thursday.",9
5939,"Last Saturday, 7 April, a suspected chemical weapons attack took place in the besieged town of Douma. The attack killed over 70 people and injured 500 others in one of the few areas of eastern Ghouta that still remained under the control of armed opposition groups. Although the attack has not been independently verified, numerous eyewitness reports, videos and photographic evidence appear to show victims suffering from exposure to a chemical agent – including extreme respiratory distress, foaming at the mouth and burning eyes.",9
1469,"15 ALPS markets in Alert, 13 in Stress, 18 in Crisis",5
2795,"Access, utilization of health services, funding and reporting of health facility data continue to remain a challenge due to a combination of conflict related destruction, damage and closure. In Jonglei, 33.3% (Hospitals), 81.80% (Primary Healthcare Centre’s), 98.30% (Primary Healthcare Units) averaging 96.30% of the total health facilities are non-functional representing a total funding gap in excess of 1.1M. Similarly, in Upper Nile, 50% (Hospitals), 95.75% (Primary Healthcare Centre’s), 86.60% (Primary Healthcare Units) averaging 84.80% of the total of all health facilities in the locations are non-functional.",4
3833,"The UN Children’s Agency (UNICEF) estimated that 18,013 children under five years (7,140 IDP children; 163 returnee children; and 10,710 children from the host community) in Deribat administrative unit, Kidineer and Jabra are in need of nutrition services, in addition to a further 1,065 children in Kidineer and Jabra return villages.ccording to UNICEF, poor health awareness and hygiene practices, lack of health and nutrition services, poverty and the high cost of healthcare are affecting the nutrition of children.   UNICEF recommended starting nutrition services to treat severe and moderate acute malnutrition cases; provide Vitamin “A” and micronutrients supplements; and raise the awareness of mothers on infant and young child feeding practices.",11
7089,"Conflict also intensified in Wadi Burda for control of Ein Elfijeh water plant, the main source of water for Damascus City. This has led to a rapidly deterioration in the humanitarian situation in December, with extremely tight access restrictions making it nearly impossible for civilians, commercial goods, and humanitarian assistance to enter or leave the Wadi Burda region, resulting in the collapse of water and electricity networks, the closure of most health facilities and schools, widespread commodity shortages and price increases. ",2
8123,"During the national emergency WASH sectorial coordination meeting, the low progress of the WASH response to malnutrition was raised, which resulted in the agreement to conduct field visits in some health districts to better understand the problem, including the verification of data.",11
11749,"The humanitarian situation in Niger remains complex. The state of emergency has been effective in Tillabéry and Tahoua Regions since 3 March 2017. Security incidents continue to be reported in the south-east and north-west part of the country. This has disrupted humanitarian access in several localities in the region, leading to the suspension of relief activities, including mobile clinics.",4
4254,"Displacement sites, particularly in the Jibreen area, do not have sufficient capacity to provide education services due to the influx of IDP children. Economic insecurity situation hinders an immediate response for education as the family’s priority remains accessing life-saving needs first before thinking about education.",2
2919,"“The situation at Malowa is very bad and we are only fortunate that no student died, but they have lost most of their property including books and other learning materials and food stuff considering that the facility operates on self boarding basis.",3
9087,"The overall nutrition situation in Somalia has continued to deteriorate, especially in northern and central parts of Somalia. Results from 31 separate nutrition surveys conducted FSNAU and partners between June and July 2017 indicate that an estimated 388 000 children under the age of five are acutely malnourished, including 87 000 who are severely malnourished and face an increased risk of morbidity and death. In two-thirds of the 31 nutrition surveys conducted, Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) prevalence were considered Critical (15-30%) or Very Critical (>30%). In one-thirds of the surveys, Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM) was also considered Critical (?4.0-5.6%) or Very Critical (>5.6%). Morbidity rates are at least 20 percent or higher in more than half of the surveyed populations, contributing to the reported high levels of acute malnutrition in most of these populations. Mortality rates have also increased. Crude Death Rates (CDR) and/or Under-Five Death Rate (U5DR) have surpassed emergency thresholds in seven of the population groups surveyed (i.e. CDR > 1/10 000/day and U5DR > 2/10 000/day, respectively).",8
9077,"Despite favourable rainfall forecasts for the upcoming agricultural season, population displacements are likely to lead to below-average harvests in some regions, further limiting food availability for households",3
5677,"Ten journalists were killed in the deadliest attack on Aghanistan's media since the fall of the Taliban in 2001, underscoring the dangers faced by the media as the war-torn country slips deeper into violence.",9
4441,"According to available information, on June 5, 2017, Senate undersecretary Saul Cruz reported before the Congress plenary that he had been the victim of an assault by the team of reporters of Noticias Uno. The team was covering the elections of the judges for the Constitutional Court of that country. Several senators found the complaint to be true and raised the need to investigate the facts and establish criminal sanctions against these reporters. Senator Rosemary Martinez of the Cambio Radical party would have ordered 'that an investigation be conducted' 'if not the ELN will come disguised as a doctor and will massacre us here in Congress.' Subsequently, videos and testimonies revealed that the undersecretary reportedly faked the physical aggression. The Attorney General's Office reportedly initiated a disciplinary investigation and ordered the suspension of Saul Cruz for three months from his position.",9
3980,Situation update by the Early Warning Department of NDRMC pointed out chronic shortage of water and fodder is already observed in most parts of the current drought-belt. ,11
8430,"Due to the increased risk of further spread and the severe nature of the disease, the overall risk at the national level is considered very high.",4
6094,"No medical facilities were functioning in 3 of Derna’s 11 mahallas (Esh-Shabija, 400 and El-Fataih), including 2 of the areas farthest from the centre. Combined with the lack of petrol or transport to access facilities elsewhere, this implies that many Derna residents lacked physical access to healthcare. KIs reported particularly high need for emergency care, chronic disease treatment and rehabilitation treatment.",7
8730,Current and ongoing challengen insufficient space to build adequate disposal and processing sites for WASH facilities,11
7712,"An inter-cluster mission was conducted by humanitarian partners to inform the response in recently retaken areas in Hawiga. Whereas almost all families are reported to have returned to villages in Al-Zab and Abbassi sub-districts, there has been limited returns to the towns of Al-Zab and Abbassi as essential services such as drinking water, healthcare, and schools remain scarce in those locations. Reportedly, civilians are not yet allowed to enter Hawiga town as the security situation is still fragile",2
6516,A plan to deliver a million doses of the oral cholera vaccine in Yemen to help combat the worst outbreak of cholera in the world has been scrapped.,4
9293,"The prolonged crisis combined with the lean season had significant negative impact on the market functionality in Deir-ez-Zor city and Idleb, leading to higher prices and shortages in food",3
456,"Public employment, small businesses or trading, and aid were the three most cited sources of income for IDPs as seen in Figure 33.",5
1509,"On 1 February, a fire broke out in the IDP site of Kaga Bandoro (central RCA), located 343 kms from Bangui. The site, adjacent to the MINUSCA base, is hosting an estimated 19 000 people. The fire destroyed 1 120 shelters and affected an estimated 11 200 people. Several wounded and traumatized people have been evacuated to the hospital. A multi-sector rapid assessment is ongoing and a quick response is being organized.",10
9857,"At least 1, 067 people are currently living with HIV/Aids in South Sudan’s Jonglei state, an official disclosed.According to state statistics, 785 people lived with the virus in 2015, but the number of infected persons rose to 1,067 by the end of 2016.The HIV infection rate in Jonglei state could be more than 1.3 per cent, which the national infection rate,” explained Mac. Out of the 1,067 infected people, only 599 people are reportedly registered in the state hospital for monthly drug supply, which are used to suppress the virus to undetectable levels, when adhered to.",4
7212,"Food security and livelihoods -The IDPs do not receive assistance and must find work in order to cover their expenditures. They earn money by pushing water trolleys, knitting caps for sale or in casual labour. Income from this work is reportedly often insufficient to cover their food needs. The IDPs do not live close enough to the main markets, so they must buy food from nearby shops, where prices are higher.Bolori VI Community",3
10666," Food imports have already reached the lowest levels since the conflict started and the price of basic commodities has risen by a third. Seventeen million people in Yemen are already food insecure, and Hodeidah governorate is already in crisis.[1] People’s coping mechanisms are exhausted.",3
4172,"In Tanganyika, the food consumption score (FCS) varied from 39 to 60 percent before the shock, the coping strategy index (CSI)1 was 20 and the overall GAM rate was 12 percent. After the conflict, the FCS deteriorated to between 54 and over 90 percent, the CSI from 22 to 40 and the GAM rate to 16 percent. In the Kasaï, the FCS reached nearly 84 percent of households, the CSI was at 16.2 and the GAM rate varied between 11 and 14 percent, with a mortality rate for children under five ranging from 1.13 to 2.77. Overall, the Democratic Republic of the Congo has never been so close to Phase 5 at this scale since the IPC has been developed.",3
2374,"The influx has resulted in construction of new temporary shelters in the Kutupalong Makeshift Settlement (KMS) and in Balukhali village, including on top and at the base of hills in these areas. The new arrivals are in need of basic humanitarian assistance, such as health, water, food, sanitation, shelter and protection against violence in the expanded areas of Kutupalong Makeshift Settlement (KMS), Leda Makeshift Settlement (LMS) and the newly built temporary settlements in Balukhali.",3
4263,"The Education Commission officially closed schools in Afrin canton and the adjacent Tel Rifaat region—territories in northwestern Aleppo province administered by a Kurdish-led Self-Administration—on January 28, said Re?it. “Indiscriminate bombing” forced the closures, he said.",2
386,"Eleven people have been reported dead as a result of flooding in Suleja and Tafa Local Government areas of Niger State.The rainfall, which lasted for about five hours, between Saturday and yesterday, also submerged some houses while many other people were injured. Out of the deceased, nine were killed by the flood at Checheniya area of Suleja, one killed at Kuspa area of the town, while another died at Ayin-Nassarrawa in Tafa. The Director General of Niger state Emergency Management Agency, NSEMA, Alhaji Ibrahim Inga, who confirmed the incident in Minna, said members of the Agency have already been mobilised to the area in collaboration with the villagers for rescue operation.",1
10376,"A total of 14 HEV cases reported from Bentiu PoC (Fig. 19) were reported in Week 15. Cumulatively, a total of 209 HEV cases have been reported from Bentiu PoC in 2017. The transmission is linked to sub-optimal access to safe water and sanitation. Multi-sectoral response has made some progress in reducing the incident but control is yet to be attained due to a multiplicity of factors. (Fig. 19) Cumulatively, from the beginning of the crisis, 3,457 HEV cases including 25 deaths (CFR 0.72%) reported in Bentiu; 174 cases including seven deaths (CFR 4.4%) in Mingkaman; 38 cases including one death (CFR 2.6%) in Lankien; 3 confirmed HEV cases in Melut; 3 HEV confirmed cases in Guit;1 HEV confirmed case in Leer; and Mayom/Abyei [75 cases including 13 deaths with 7 HEV PCR positive cases.",4
1927,"ZAMBIA has experienced a number of climatic hazards and extreme events that represent significant departures from the average state of climate system.  Occurrence of extreme events along with their intensity and magnitude have been increasing, the most serious ones being drought, seasonal floods and flash floods, extreme temperatures and dry spells.  Currently, extreme rains are increasing significantly across the country.  The Zambia Meteorological Department (ZMD) in its rainfall forecast for the 2016/2017 period gave stark warning that some areas in the country would experience heavy rains coupled and flash floods.  'The 2016/2017 seasonal rainfall forecast is largely expected to be influenced by the La Nina conditions over the Equatorial Pacific conditions. For Zambia, this condition is most characterised by normal to above normal rainfall performance,' acting director of Meteorology Joseph Kanyanga said in the rainfall forecast statement.  The flash flood guidance monitor published on January 3, 2017 showed a 50 per cent probability of flash flood occurrence in districts that include Lusaka, Chipata, Chadiza, Livingstone, Mazabuka, Monze, Choma, Kazungula, Katete, which were on the 'Warning' list.  Kasama, Chinsali, Mumbwa, Serenje, Mkushi districts were on 'Alert'and the rest of the country was put on 'Watch' with a 25 per cent likelihood of flash flood occurrences.  The abnormal rains are causing floods of which at the moment have become a visible sight in some parts of the country.",1
8538,"The ongoing conflict, deteriorating economic situation and the challenges associated with trade will continue to hamper all sectors. In the absence of resources and a strong, well-coordinated support for the affected population, food insecurity and malnutrition of more than 7 million people in Emergency (IPC Phase 4) is likely to worsen and the localized risk of famine is increasing. Similarly, around 7 million people under Crisis (IPC Phase 3) might slide into Emergency (IPC Phase 4) unless essential food and non-food assistance are provided.",1
9582,"There is a need for water treatment supplies to treat contaminated water sources, as well as a need for water point rehabilitation, water storage and water quality testing in typhoon and flooded areas. There is a need to improve the operation and maintenance of water schemes for sustainable water supply. The most vulnerable households require hygiene kits and water filters to prevent potential water-borne disease outbreak in all affected provinces. There is a need to improve WASH services in affected schools (improve drinking water safety, rehabilitation of water supply facilities, safe water storage, and promote hand-washing with soap). While there has been no reported increase in water-related diseases, the continued lack of clean drinking water coupled with poor hygiene conditions, pose high public health risks for the most vulnerable communities.",11
7279,"As of December 2016, the regional authorities in Diffa estimated displaced people at more than 240,000 people including refugees, returnees and internally displaced people. Important humanitarian needs are identified in the sectors of food, health care, nutrition, education, shelter and non-food items, protection as well as access to water, sanitation and hygiene.",9
7377,"Cholera outbreak monitoring and response: 1 case of cholera has been confirmed from a host community village in Kakuma. UNHCR, close collaboration with the Government of Kenya and health partners have taken measures to mitigate the risk of an outbreak. An action plan has been developed and the situation is being monitored.",4
8408,"A 10-year-old boy has lost his life while over 2,000 people have been displaced by a flood disaster that ravaged Kaita town, in Kaita Local Government Area of Katsina State, a local official said on Monday. The flood disaster happened following a heavy rainfall that persisted for several hours which destroyed over 150 houses in the area,” Hajiya Umma Abdullahi-Mahuta, Acting Sole Administrator of the local council, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Kaita. She revealed that those displaced by the Saturday flood have found shelter with neighbours, friends and relations.",10
7675,"In 2017, 142 000 children under five are expected to suffer from Severe Acute Malnutrition",8
3171, The high incidence of animal diseases has not only been claiming lives of animals but also causing expecting mothers stillbirths in Darzab district of northern Jawzjan province.,4
4923,57% of refugee HH severely vulnerable to food insecurity 20% of refugee HH moderately vulnerable to food insecurity  52% of refugee HH unable to cover SMEB 10% of Lebanese HH vulnerable to food insecurity ,3
9834,"An unidentified armed group yesterday shut down the pipeline, Walid Al-Bakush from the NOC’s media office told the Libya Herald. He did not give the location of the block.",7
8390,There have been 14 earthquakes greater than Magnitude 6.0 since November 2016. Over 9000 people affected and about 4000 houses damaged in Makira and Malaita provinces of Solomon Islands in December 2016. ,10
7141,Problems associated with depression – including addiction and emotional disorders – are acute among young people.,4
10797,"The Israeli Security Cabinet approved, Sunday, a 35 per cent reduction of the electricity supply to Gaza Strip.After this reduction, each household will have less than two hours  of electricity per day.",7
5669,"Rescuers worked frantically on Wednesday to free seven miners trapped for two days in a tunnel covered by a landslide in southern Peru, authorities said on Wednesday. Tuesday night. Province of Caraveli, District of Acari",1
4311,The vulnerability of the returnees is magnified by the fact that many of the returnee households are female-headed.,9
304,"Dengue incidence is highest in Hinthada District, followed by Maubin and Pathein districts respectively,",4
4567,"Additionally, the Raja State Hospital, which is the reference hospital for some 90,000 people, has no capacity to provide in-patient care to complicated nutritional and pediatric cases.  ",4
9625,"Health centres also reported a shortage of medical equipment and supplies. First aid kits and essential medicines at herders family and school dormitory level are also in short supply. At the same time, the number of emergency calls for respiratory tract infections and complications has increased. Up to 90% of in-patients and 60% of out-patients across the aimag are poorly with respiratory infections.",4
2136,"At least five people have been killed and 10 wounded in a suicide bomb blast near government offices in the heart of Afghanistan's capital, Kabul, according to police. ",9
5325,The Afghan army will deploy around 600 soldiers to southern Helmand province of Afghanistan in an apparent move to suppress the growing insurgency by the militants in this province.,9
4873,"The El Niño conditions that persisted during the 2015/16 planting season caused the worst drought in 35 years in Southern Africa, resulting in a second consecutive failed harvest, reducing food availability by 15 per cent compared to the 5-year average. In Mozambique, the food security and nutritional assessment of the Technical Secretariat for Food  ",3
3065,"Additionally, hundreds of thousands of people are now internally displaced and are facing a situation that’s particularly complicated. They walked for days before reaching safe areas, by which time they were generally dehydrated and exhausted. We’re also seeing a lot of casualties of improvised explosive devices. Every day, dozens of victims arrive in some medical centers where they’re generally unable to stay more than a few hours because of the high number of casualties.”",11
8604,"Meanwhile more than 150 families have lost their homes in recent years, several during the height of the storms of Senegal's rainy season in September They are now living in tents near the city's tiny airport.",10
2010,"A total of 26 County level assessments were used for the “Current” classification which were higher than the 15 assessments available in April IPC update. Based on the analysis, the Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM)/Proxy GAM was “Extreme Critical” (>=30%) in Aweil North and Aweil West, which were the only two counties in Northern Bahr el Ghazal with recent assessments, and “Critical” (15% to 29.9%) in Akobo, Twic East, Uror, Abiemnhom, Guit, Mayom, Mayendit, Panyinjar, Rubkona, Bentiu POC, Pariang, Longetchuk, Nasir, Maiwut, Ulang, Wau, Gogrial West and Gogrial East). Eighty one percent of the assessments have GAM above the 15% WHO emergency threshold. Counties namely, Kapoeta North, Melut, Maban and Tonj North are in “Serious” (10% - 14.9%) while Kapoeta South in “Alert” (5% - 9.9%)",8
11482,"On 6th November, LEO cut off Petrovskyi water intake, in Government Controlled Areas (GCA) of Luhansk oblast, due to non-payment of historic debts. PVK have nearly been able to clear debts since August 2016, thanks to payments made by Luhansk Voda, from Non-Government Controlled Areas (NGCA) which were facilitated by successful Minsk negotiations. However historic debts remain from pre 2016.   Petrovskyi water intake belongs to the Popasnyanskyi Vodocanal (PVK), which is the main water supplier to NGCA Luhansk via several water systems, as well as some GCA areas. Petrovskyi intake serves two settlements in GCA Artema and Nyznhoteple and several settlements in NGCA, mainly Luhansk city.   The overall number of served people is officially around 150, 000 people (pre-conflict number supplied by PVK) of the estimated 350,000 people in Luhansk city, however in 2017 Petrovskyi only supplies water around 10% of the needs of Luhansk city, where it is diluted with other water sources to improve the overall water quality. Luhansk Voda has developed alternative water sources since the start of the conflict, although quality is worse from those sources. Villages between the line of contact and Luhansk city, on the route of the pipeline, will require trucked water: Obozne, Pryvitne, Stukalova Balka and Metallist (the WASH cluster is checking of Luhansk Voda is trucking sufficient water).  ",11
9266,"Turkey is set to extend a state of emergency for the sixth time since the failed 2016 coup attempt, worrying both government opponents and allies who fear the special powers are driving Turkey in an increasingly authoritarian direction. The state of emergency, declared five days after the July 15, 2016 coup attempt, has allowed a massive government crackdown aimed at suspected supporters of U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom Turkey says was behind the coup attempt. Gulen denies any involvement. Under the state of emergency, Turkey has arrested around 50,000 people and purged 110,000 civil servants to allegedly oust Gulen’s followers from state jobs.",9
3075,Reduced access to safe drinking water and reduced opportunities to access water for hand washing and cleaning have implications for community health. Pre-existing poor nutrition may be worsened due to reduced intake of food and reduced access to water,4
5115,"Insecurity, lack of teachers affect education in Pochalla County Insecurity and lack of teachers is greatly affecting education in Pochalla County in Boma State, according to a government official.Jay Adingora Alaual, Pochalla County Commissioner, told Radio Tamazuj on Friday that the level of education is declining due to rampant insecurity and lack of teachers in the area. He further said most of the students fled to neighboring Ethiopia in search of safety and education since last year, adding many teachers have deserted the teaching profession due to low salaries and insecurity in the county.",2
4636,"35,500 suspected cases of the disease reported in the past three weeks, and 361 deaths.",4
9894,"Nine Iraqis were killed by the explosion of a bombs left over in their homes in western Mosul, an Iraqi news channel reported on Wednesday. Al-Rafidain quoted a source at Nineveh police service saying that six refugees the same family were killed when a bomb left over by Islamic State militants went off at their home in al-Thawra neighborhood in western Mosul. They had just returned from refugee camps, according to the source. Another lady and two of her children were also killed in a similar incident in Tammuz district, again upon their return from a refugee camp.",9
9566,"Somalia Rainfall Forecast Issued: 10/04/2017The week ending 09 April 2017 saw moderate rains in parts of Somaliland and southern regions in Somalia. No signifi? cant rains were reported in Puntland.The rainfall forecast for the next 24 hours (Map 1) indicates li?le or no rains in the country. The cumula?ve rainfall forecast for the week which ends on 16 April 2017 shows light to moderate rains in few pockets of Somaliland, Bay and Bakool with li?le or no rains in other regions (Map 2). ",5
10901,"The imposition of martial law in the midst of Duterte’s “war on drugs,” in which more than 7,000 people have been killed since June, raises grave concerns of ever-widening human rights violations in the country, Human Rights Watch said. The day following the declaration, Duterte told the media, “Martial law is martial law. It will not be any different from what the president, [Ferdinand] Marcos did. I'd be harsh.” He later said that he “might declare martial law throughout the country to protect the people.”",9
11516,"Eight members of Ali's left-wing Bread and Freedom Party (BFP) have been detained since April on charges including 'misusing social media to incite against the state' and 'insulting the president,' according to the party's legal advisor.  Egypt's interior ministry denies the arrests are politically motivated.",9
7913,"As at 12 March, 295,950 people are reported to have been affected, including 84,660 who are displaced. The number of deaths due to the storm has risen to 50 with 20 peoplemissing and 195 injured. The National Office for Disaster Risk and Management (BNGRC) and the Humanitarian Country Team (HCT) have activated the Multi-Hazard NationalContingency Plan 2016/2017.",10
11365,"“The crisis forced me to reduce my crops.” he told Al-Monitor. “Summer is coming and summer crops cannot stand long-term water cuts. Sadly, the electricity crisis is intensifying, which threatens our livelihood.'",3
1876,"Fodder deficits persist in the extreme North-East of Chad, the pastoral zone of Niger, Northern Senegal and the agro-pastoral zone of Mauritania.",0
9280,"The humanitarian context in Haiti is marked by the continued downward trend of cholera. For the period of January to August 2017, 9,531 suspected cases have been registered in the country, a decrease of 66% compared to the same period in 2016.",4
7643,"The last ten days have seen important developments in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC): the end of the DR Congo Catholic Church’s attempts to implement its 31 December agreement, more violence in the Kasai provinces, a new UN Security Council resolution, and a speech by President Kabila announcing the imminent appointment of a new prime minister. How are all these connected? ",9
8418,"At least 14,000 people are without electricity while more than 90,000 people in the region do not have access to fresh drinking water at the moment, according to local authorities.",11
2589,"A recent spike at the beginning of 2017 saw over 4,500 refugees crossing the Eritrea-Ethiopia border and in urgent need of humanitarian assistance.As 150–200 refugees arrive daily at the Endabaguna screening centre, IOM will continue to work in close coordination with ARRA, UNHCR and partners to ensure refugees are supported with transport to safely reach the refugee camps.",3
5641,"Increasing numbers of refugees in eastern Sudan are turning to smuggling networks in order to facilitate their movement onward. Along these migratory routes, refugees and asylum-seekers can be exposed to various forms of exploitation that can result in human rights violations, including human trafficking.",9
3117,"Commercial food imports are at a record low in crisis-hit Yemen as the country facing the world's largest food security crisis could also see a vital port shut down, aid groups said Wednesday.",3
6608,"The economic stagnation in the Donbas has been aggravated by more than two years of conflict. Families have depleted their savings and reduced their spending on health and education in order to afford food. Some 45 per cent of the IDPs have difficulties in finding new jobs.  In September 2016, 38 per cent of IDPs were unemployed.  The reduction of income coincides with an increase in the price of commodities and utilities costs.",3
5444," Israeli navy ships opened fire, on Tuesday at dawn, on several fishing boats in Palestinian territorial waters, close to the shore in the Sudaniyya area, northwest of Gaza city, and injured a fisherman.  Medical sources said the wounded fisherman, 24 years of age, was shot in the leg, and suffered a moderate injury, before the medics moved him to the Shifa Medical Center, in Gaza city.",5
1677,"84,000 houses affected. 10,000 houses collapsed. The number of affected schools has risen to 2,186.3.1 millIons people affected by damaged water supply.+145,000 animals affected.70% of hospitals and clinics in the affected territories has been damaged",4
9339,"Diarrhoea, Leptospirosis and Dengue are common diseases that affect the general public after the rainy season. Medical experts say that in addition to the epidemics that could spread because of animals, diseases could also spread due to faecal matter mixing with water. Skin Diseases and Respiratory disorders are common among them.",4
11545," A to tal o f 235 inc iden ts o f a ttacks on schoo ls and ho sp itals we re ver i fied . Lack  o f access to conflic t -affected reg ions hampe red the ve ri fica t ion o f rep o rted  inciden ts. T hir ty - three per cen t o f a to ta l o f 195 inc iden ts o f a t tacks on schoo ls we re  ve ri fied in 2012 (66) , wi th a downwa rd trend in 2013 (54) and 2014 (18 ) . T he  numbe r s increased aga in in 2015 (24) and 2016 (33). ma l i Na tiona l Army (60 ) , unknown a rmed elemen ts (15 ) ,  AM ISOM (4) , Ah l a l -Sunna wa l -Jama ‘a (2) , Ga lmudug In te rim Admin is trat ion  forces (1) and the Kenyan De fence For ces (1). Between 2012 and 2016 , 40 inciden ts o f a t tacks on ho sp itals we re ver i fied .  T hey comp r ised cases o f damage to c lin ics and heal th -care cen tres dur ing figh t ing ,  loo t ing o f med ical supp l ies and equ ipmen t and mi l i tar y use o f ho sp i tals",4
10246,Recent flooding in some central and southern parts is likely to restrain 2017 cereal production in the affected areas.,0
1454," Conditions are ripe for an increase in dengue and other mosquito-borne and water-related diseases in areas worst affected by flooding in northern Peru, according to a Red Cross and Red Crescent initial assessment of health needs. ",4
1368,"Humanitarian NGO and UN partners have also scaled up delivery of safe water and reached nearly 1,150,000 people from January to March with water trucking and supplies of storage tanks and bladders, more than doubling the number of people reached in February. Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH) and Health partners are working jointly with the AWD/Cholera Taskforce to contain the spread of the outbreak. Rehabilitation of boreholes and a hygiene promotion campaign for AWD/Cholera prevention and control at Cholera Treatment sites is ongoing and nearly 600,000 beneficiaries have been reached. More than 194,500 people, hereof 114,500 female and 80,000 male, were provided with primary and secondary health care services, an increase by 65 per cent from the 126,000 reached in February. As of 25 March, 52 AWD/cholera treatment facilities have been operationalized this year, mainly in South West, Hirshabelle, Jubbaland, Galmudug, and Banadir regions. Nearly 46,800 people were reached with protection services, while education partners reached 44,310 children with education and emergencies assistance. Close to 23,500 persons benefited from Shelter and NFI distribution in March. ",4
8211,"Floods and rundown roads have become a major concern for businesses, as these are affecting supply chains and increasing both transportation costs and time, say industry players.Disruption in supply can reduce profits of businesses and lead them to pass the additional costs on to consumers to avoid losses. Kamruzzaman Kamal, director (marketing) of Pran-RFL Group, said supply network was affected badly during the initial days of recent flood.  Water logging and poor condition of roads hampered marketing in rural areas, he mentioned.",6
2507,"Loss of livestock assets forces pastoralists and agro-pastoralists into negative coping mechanisms, poverty, destitution and eventual migration into informal relief camps or cities",5
1428,64% Irrigation Damage 68% Road Damage 74% Market Destruction,6
3553,"Since 2 April, 791 551 suspected cholera cases and 2 142 associated deaths have been reported across the country (as of 4 October). 119 020 suspected cholera cases were reported in the last 4 weeks, representing an average of 4 250 notifications per day. In addition to being the fastest-growing cholera outbreak, it is now also the largest-ever (the Haiti 2010 cholera outbreak recorded 754 373 cases). The ICRC fears that suspected cholera cases could reach 1 million by the end of 2017.",4
1297,Some 25 percent of people in Iraq live under the poverty line. In areas battered by conflict the figure is 44.2 percent.,5
10578,"Consequently, the exact number of people detained by the group remains unclear. But according to a local Syrian human rights organisation, IS detained around 6,318 until September 2014.The recapture of Raqqa and Deir Ezzor - where IS reportedly established 46 detention centres – did not result in finding any prisoners. Talal Silo, the former spokesman for the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) in charge of Raqqa, stated on 18 October in an interview with a local news website SANA that all the prisons they found were empty.",9
7923,"13-16 October 2016: Continuous heavy rainfall fuelled by a tropical depression and Northeast monsoon causes severe flooding in various provinces of Central Viet Nam, killing 34 people, causing the collapse of 39 houses and displacing thousands.  16-17 October: The Viet Nam Red Cross (VNRC) dispatches relief items and cash worth VND 1.97 billion (85,000 Swiss francs), and deploys assessment teams to Ha Tinh and Quang Binh provinces.  27 October: 67,466 Swiss francs allocated from the IFRC’s Disaster Relief Emergency Fund (DREF) to replenish VNRC stocks.  30 October-5 November: Another tropical storm brings more heavy rains across Central Viet Nam, leaving 15 people dead, 227 houses collapsed, 41,484 houses flooded, thousands of hectares of crop inundated and more than 42,000 livestock killed. 11 November: The IFRC launches Emergency Appeal for 1.4 million Swiss francs to support 30,775 people over 9 months. A topup DREF allocation is made, bringing the total amount advanced from DREF to 144,866 Swiss francs.  31 November-late December: Incessant heavy rains bring severe flooding in the province of Binh Dinh, described by some community members and local authorities as the most severe in the province’s history.  19 January 2017: The Government of New Zealand announces a donation of NZD 250,000 to address the livelihood needs of people affected by the December 2016 flooding in the province of Binh Dinh. The donation is channelled through the Operational Plan 2017 of the IFRC CCST.  19 May 2017: The IFRC issues a revised Emergency Appeal for 336,193 Swiss francs.",10
5630,"There are periodic closures of checkpoints and therefore people are not always able to enter and exit Derna, restricting their movement. Humanitarian access to Derna is severely limited and no humanitarian supplies are reported as entered since mid-March. The most urgent needs are in the health sector, however protection concerns for civilians remain serious and the first food shortages are also being reported. Chronic shortages of fuel remain.",3
3232,"The situation among children is dire, as many arriving malnourished and sick - suffering from diarrhea, fever and malaria. Two children are reported to have already died from severe malnutrition. UNHCR is concerned for the fate of others suffering from worrying levels of food insecurity and illnesses.",4
6042,"Men under 50 were most at risk, but one child had also taken his life and three had tried to.",4
3931,Less than 45 per cent of all health facilities are fully functional and more than 8 million people lack access to safe drinking water and sanitation.,11
6030,"Across all sectors, humanitarian agencies are clearly struggling to keep pace with the massive influx of desperate, malnourished people, resulting in spotty and insufficient coverage and unmet needs at IDP sites across the country. This is particularly evident in Baidoa where a recent assessment of IDP needs across 168 informal sites confirmed that only 16 percent had received assistance and found key gaps in services and severe humanitarian needs especially in terms of food, water, and shelter.12 For example, only 21 percent of the IDP households that were assessed reported having access to nutrition services in the past three months.13 RI interviews at several camps in Baidoa confirmed that, aside from receiving nutrition biscuits on arrival and periodic food assistance from UN World Food Programme (WFP), many IDPs had received limited assistance.",11
9308,"On 6 April, UNHCR Cameroon had been ready to transport a group of 160 vulnerable people – 114 refugees and 46 asylum seekers – reportedly in Waza (Logone et Chari division) since 2014, to Minawao refugee camp when they were halted by local authorities. The group was instead boarded on to trucks, on the morning of 10 April, and returned by the Cameroonian army to the IDP site of Ngala (Borno State) in Nigeria, through the Fotokol border point.",9
11401,"As you read this, the Israeli government is preparing to demolish an entire village in the Palestinian West Bank. Over 80 international NGO’s and human rights organizations are calling for an urgent international response to prevent the demolition of Khan al-Amar village and the relocation of 130 people currently living there – more than half of whom are women and children.",10
7725,Shortage of fuel and ambulances to refer emergency medical and trauma cases out of Mosul city,4
8494," ? Family latrine coverage stands at an average of 32.4%, with a wide disparity between and among camps as detailed in the infographics below. More than 85% of families have access to shared latrines and this is in part, due to improved community participation achieved through increased behavior change communication.   ? On average, refugees receive 18.7 litres of water per person per day (lppd), with 11 of the 26 refugee camps meeting the UNHCR minimum standard of 20 lppd. Of the 12.6 million litres of water supplied daily, 6% is pumped using solar energy which is expected to increase once the ongoing solar installations are commissioned. The host population receives approximately 15% of the total daily water output.   ? Refugees in camps with solarized schemes continue to receive more than 20 lppd, as generators can run for longer period of time with reduced unit cost of water delivery compared to full fuel -dependent water schemes. For instance, in Kobe Refugee camp the hybrid system has posted cost reductions of over 50% on a full sunny day. A strategic shift from fuel powered to solarized water pumps is gaining momentum, with additional eleven water sources are planned in 2018.  ",11
1327,"LRA Attack May 03, 2018 | Yangoussi, Haute-Kotto, CAR A boy was kidnapped by an LRA group near Yangoussi, CAR, as he was travelling by motorcycle along the Bria-Nzako Road. The assailant were armed with AK-47s, and spoke Acholi, Zande, and Sango. Verification Rating: 3 LRA Verification Rating: High LRA Attack April 30, 2018 | Zemio, Haut-Mbomou, CAR An LRA group composed of 5 men armed with AK-47s abducted a young man 10 km northeast of Zemio, CAR. The assailants reportedly spoke Acholi and Zande, and wore civilian and military attire. Verification Rating: 3 LRA Verification Rating: Low LRA Attack April 23, 2018 | Bria, Haute-Kotto, CAR A group of 5 armed LRA combatants in military attire and speaking Acholi and Zande abducted 1 young girl and 1 young boy, as they were returning home from the field with their parents. Verification Rating: 2 LRA Verification Rating: Low LRA Attack April 22, 2018 | Mboki, Haut-Mbomou, CAR An LRA group looted a palm wine producer near Sodi, CAR. The assailants, comprised of men, women and children armed with AK-47s, and speaking Acholi and Zande, looted the man of 20 liters of palm wine. Verification Rating: 4 LRA Verification Rating: Medium LRA Attack April 22, 2018 | Banda, Bas Uele, DRC 3 LRA combatants armed with AK-47s and in FARDC attire looted civilians of their produce and money as they were returning from the Mangbungulu market, DRC. The assailants spoke Acholi and a broken Lingala, and were accompanied by women and children. Verification Rating: 3 LRA Verification Rating: Medium LRA Attack April 18, 2018 | Niangara, Haut Uele, DRC An LRA group composed of 7 men in FARDC uniforms and armed with AK47s ambushed 3 hunters and ordered them to take them to Makpangi, DRC. They looted food and other goods. The assailants, who spoke Acholi, released the hunters. Verification Rating: 2 LRA Verification Rating: Low LRA Attack April 09, 2018 | Suronga, Bas Uele, DRC 3 alleged LRA looted a motorcyclist of his clothes and gave him money to buy provisions with them at the nearest village. They informed him that they were part of a large LRA group heading east from CAR to DRC, and that many of them wished to return home. Verification Rating: 3 LRA Verification Rating: Low LRA Attack April 06, 2018 | Nakorda, Haut Uele, DRC An LRA group composed of 3 men in military attire and 1 woman in civilian attire killed a hunter 5 km north of Masombido, DRC, as he was hunting with his son.The assailants were armed with automatic weapons. The young boy escaped. Verification Rating: 2 LRA Verification Rating: Low LRA Attack April 01, 2018 | Obo, Haut-Mbomou, CAR A group of 15 presumed LRA looted Bozongui of its radios, food, and tools, and kidnapped 18 civilians, killing 1 in captivity. Comprised of 7 men, 3 boys, and 5 women, they wore military and civilian attire, and spoke Pazande, Acholi, Lingala, and Sango. Verification Rating: 5 LRA Verification Rating: High LRA Attack March 31, 2018 | Obo, Haut-Mbomou, CAR An alleged LRA group abducted 4 hunters. It was comprised of 7 men with AK-47s, 3 boys with automatic weapons, and 5 women of which 1 was armed with an AK-47. They spoke Pazande, Acholi, Lingala, and Sango, and wore military and civilian attire. Verification Rating: 4 LRA Verification Rating: High",9
11555," HEAVY dawn pour destroyed farm produce worth over N500 million in Gumel local government area in Jigawa State. Reports from the state indicated that the heavy dawn pour washed away over 200 farm lands and also killed unquantified domestic animal in the area. Speaking to our reporter some farmer in the area stated that the affected by the disaster include millet, guinea corn, beans, water melon and sesame. The disaster occurs at Garin Gambo, Gwari, Garin Galadima, Baikarya, Zuge and Garin Baki towns.",1
8305,Thirst in North Darfur’s Shaddad camp The residents of the Shaddad camp for the displaced near Shangil Tobaya in North Darfur’s Tawila locality are suffering from a lack of drinking water.,11
3546,"In Tanzania, Msimu (November to April) rainfall in unimodal areas has increased substantially over the Lake Victoria regions, with localized heavy rains over Mt. Kilimanjaro and surrounding regions in the past weeks. As a result, agricultural production prospects for northern Tanzania are improving, despite the late and erratic onset of the Msimu seasonal rains in these northern areas.",3
7993,"The early lean season, due to the significant decline in rice production in the Niger Delta of Mopti, and the river valley of Timbuktu and Gao, is causing poor households to resort atypically manual labor, forest product production, and reduction of non-food expenses. As a result, they will be in Stressed (IPC Phase 2) food insecurity from March until September.  ",3
561,"Before they are hanged, the victims are condemned to death in trials at the Military Field Court located in the al-Qaboun neighbourhood of Damascus, which last between one and three minutes. ",9
4237,"The prevailing economic difficulties in the country, aggravated by ongoing military operations, has reduced the Iraqi Government’s capacity to respond to the needs of refugees. Changes in donor and humanitarian priorities due to mass internal displacement and diminished capacity of the host community to absorb displaced populations and share limited resources, are key challenges faced by the majority of the sectors of assistance. Members of impacted communities in need of humanitarian assistance are estimated at 158,110 individuals, a figure which is expected to remain stable through 2019. This number is determined based on OCHA’s calculation of people in need for the Humanitarian Response Plan, in districts hosting more than 1,000 refugees.",1
1457, High malnutrition rates among refugee children in White Nile,8
1949,"Conflict also intensified in Wadi Burda for control of Ein Elfijeh water plant, the main source of water for Damascus City. This has led to a rapidly deterioration in the humanitarian situation in December, with extremely tight access restrictions making it nearly impossible for civilians, commercial goods, and humanitarian assistance to enter or leave the Wadi Burda region, resulting in the collapse of water and electricity networks, the closure of most health facilities and schools, widespread commodity shortages and price increases. ",4
9533,"As most people are well aware, the immediate impacts of flooding include loss of human life, damage to property, destruction of crops, loss of livestock, and deterioration of health conditions owing to waterborne diseases.",3
412,"On 13 April, prior to the evacuations taking place, an explosion outside of the Syrian Arab Red Crescent (SARC) office in Idleb city resulted in the wounding of two SARC members and the damaging of a SARC vehicle.During the late evening hours on the same day, and while buses were in Foah and Kafraya for the evacuation, several mortar rounds struck the two towns resulting in the wounding of a number of civilians and some buses were damaged.  ",1
10835,"Officials said Friday that 3,334 households were underwater and 3,016 hectares (7,500 acres) of agricultural land was flooded. On Saturday, authorities said that 45,000 residents were without power.",7
130,"Heavy rainfall in central and southern Mozambique in recent weeks has caused the Save river to overflow, displacing more than 2,500 people in Inhambane and Sofala provinces, according to an International Organization for Migration (IOM) assessment. Internally displaced persons (IDPs) are reportedly unable to return to places of origin due to extensive damage to houses and other infrastructure and are currently sheltering in schools. IOM reports that priority needs include emergency relief commodities, such as blankets and plastic tarps, and safe drinking water. Since early January, flooding across the country has resulted in an estimated 40 deaths, according to local media",11
3156,"1.4 million displaced people need emergency shelter and non-food items (ES/NFI) support, including the displaced caseload from 2016 and newly displaced households in 2017 (HRD MYR).At least 256,000 displaced households are currently in need of ES/NFI assistance (unassisted to date), based on the DTM round 7 surveys that rolled out in 7 regions, triangulated with additional assessments and verification exercises conducted in border conflict affected areas by partners, recent assessments conducted by authorities and/or humanitarian partners and requests for assistance received from authorities.The National Flood Contingency Plan had identified more than 300,000 people at risk of flooding in Afar, Amhara, Gambella, Oromia and Somali regions, of whom at least 100,000 were projected to risk displacement until the end of 2017.",10
11810,"Although violence has subsided in Kasai, fields are still barren and many people have not received food aid due to lack of funding, the United Nations and aid agencies said ahead of a donor conference in Geneva on Friday.People are starting to re-plant fields, he said, but it will take one to two years to regain normal crop production.British charity Oxfam said it was forced to half food rations for 90,000 people last year due to lack of funding, and this year cut back even more.",3
11059,"In separate incidents on Thursday, a boy was shot and succumbed to his wounds in the hospital of Kutum and a paramilitary was killed. In Nyala locality, a man was shot dead.",9
2758,"Cholera cases in Malawi have tripled and four more people have died, the Ministry of Health said on Monday, a month after the spread of the disease from Zambia was thought to have been contained. Ministry of Health spokesman Joshua Malango said the number of cases had increased to 527 from 157 recorded in January, and that deaths had doubled from four to eight.  He said new cases continued to emerge in Central and Northern Malawi districts, including the administrative capital, Lilongwe where 10 new cases were recorded at the weekend.  'It's mainly due to drinking of water from contaminated, shallow sources. We've intensified chlorine spraying in the localised infection centres",4
7731,"The Gu rains were late and short with total rainfall more than 50 per cent below average in the affected areas most affected by the resulting severe drought. While the Gu rains did help some areas, yields will likely be reduced and it will be difficult to offset the high level of asset loss.",8
9783,"Between 1 January and 31 March 2018, 1,163 children arrived in Italy by sea, of whom 927 were unaccompanied and separated children (UASC). UASC arrival numbers in the first three months of 2018 dropped by 73%, compared to the same period last year. So far in 2018, UASC represent 15% of all sea arrivals.",9
359,"? Nutritional screening was carried out for the newly arriving refugees. Between 1 and 15 May, a total of 27 children under the age of five and 10 pregnant and lactating women (PLW ) were screened to measure their nutritional status. Accordingly, the prevalence of Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) among st the children under the age of five was found to be 7% whilst 7% of the PLW were found at moderate risk of malnutrition. The average GAM rate amongst new arrivals below the age of five is 74% since the beginning of the year.     Food is provided through a mix of wet and dry feeding. Children up to the age of 10 and PLW receive, twice a day, a fortified porridge (CSB), as well as High Energy Biscuits. Upon arrival in the camps, all refugees are provided with monthly food rations and CRIs. All children and PLW with SAM are provided with Plumpy Nuts and admitted to therapeutic and supplementary feeding programmes when relocated to camps.",8
129,The long-term solution to Gaza’s water crisis is a robust sewer and drainage system and restored water treatment facilities. But efforts to rebuild water facilities are limited because up to 70 percent of the materials required raise alleged “dual use” security concerns by Israel authorities and are either rejected or delayed from entering Gaza.,11
7838,"Hundreds of families in Wendano and Kisiiki areas of Gatuanyaga ward in Thika constituency spent Friday and Saturday nights outside as others counted losses when River Athi burst its banks, destroying homes and crops. ",10
3487,"On 22 April 2018, one suspected case of haemorrhagic fever at Cheikh Zayed Hospital (CZ) was notified to the central department of the Ministry of Health. The case was a 58-year-old male cattle breeder in the locality of Elghabra, Assaba region. The onset of symptoms was on April 16, 2018 with high fever, arthralgia and headache. He reported being in contact with a dead cow, and no consumption of deceased animal meat was reported. The sample sent to the national reference laboratory confirmed the presence of Crimean Congo virus by serology (IgM positive). The case was discharged from the hospital on 27 April 2018. One new suspected case from the same area was notified on 30 April 2018 and tested negative for Crimean Congo Virus by serology and PCR. As of 8 May 2018, 22 (69%) of the 32 identified contacts have completed follow up. No death has been reported.",4
5214,"A joint mission to Yakoma and sorroundings (Yakoma territory, Nord-Ubangi province), was carried out on on 17 – 19 May 2017 together with local authorities, police and the army. Asylum seekers were hosted with local families and in abandoned hangars but they had insufficient access to water, sanitation, health care, food.",4
8883,"The United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) welcomes a €400.000 contribution (more than US$490,000) from France to support life-saving nutrition activities for Rohingya refugees in Cox’s Bazar, Bangladesh. Almost 700,000 refugees have fled violence in Myanmar since August 2017, resulting in about one million Rohingya refugees living in Cox’s Bazar district. Surveys conducted in late 2017 showed that malnutrition rates in these refugee sites are above the emergency threshold of 15 percent. The surveys also indicated that nearly half of children suffer from anaemia.",4
3623,"In Idlib province, an opposition-held area in northern Syria, 30 hospitals have no fortification at all. Just three underground hospitals are running in the region, putting workers and patients alike at risk.   Physicians for Human Rights (PHR), an NGO that has tracked attacks on medical workers during the conflict, said there have been 454 strikes on medical facilities during the Syrian war, killing 814 medics. Underground and cave hospitals offer much better protection for staff.  In April 2017 alone, there were 25 attacks on health facilities, equivalent to one every 29 hours; 91% were carried out by the Syrian government or its allies, including Russia",4
4229,"The Diffa region, currently hosting 221,790 displaced people3 from the Niger and Nigeria due to Boko Haram-related insecurity, will continue to be affected, with an estimated 340,000 people expected to require humanitarian assistance in 2017",9
11831,"According to the UN World Food Program (WFP), an estimated 9.3 million people are food insecure, including 3.4 million severely food insecure; approximately 41 percent of children under 5 years of age are stunted and 10 percent are acutely malnourished. Widespread conflict, poor rain-fed staple production, and weak casual labor markets are the",8
4126,"Compared to the period of January-April 2016, food prices have increased on average by 7.4 percent while the purchasing power of households has dropped by 44 percent. Nearly half of the markets were not or only partially functioning. Food prices were highly volatile, and supply of affordable dried fish, a main source of proteins for the population, was scarce.",3
6582,"The soldiers were looting, breaking doors and beating people. They would arrest you and ask you to show them where the rebels are. But when you tell them you don’t know, they beat you. They killed people,” she told UNHCR.",9
8034,"WFP provides monthly 125,000 food rations to refugees. The composition of the food basket can vary from five to nine commodities depending on funding. However, the daily caloric value of 2,166 kcal per ration is on average maintained.",3
9692,"? However, traders in the remote and small rural markets reported that transportation services were disrupted due to partial or temporary damage of roads caused by floods and landslides (see Figure 1). As a result, prices in the markets were relatively higher than the market with regular supply",3
10260,"The humanitarian response continues to face significant challenges in light of chronic and severe underfunding. The humanitarian response for South Sudanese refugees in Uganda in 2016 received just 40% of the US$251million requested, compromising the abilities of the response to provide vital aid. For 2017, the humanitarian response has requested US$558 million. In addition, UNHCR is appealing to all parties in the conflict to urgently act to bring a peaceful resolution to the crisis.",9
3003,"Most of Yemen’s health care infrastructure is non-functioning. Assessments show that only four out of 10 facilities in Taizz Governorate currently function. In May 2018, Haydan Hospital reopened, two and a half years after being damaged in October 2015. It expects to serve 7,000 people. However, outbreaks and rates of infectious diseases continue in Yemen:",4
5894,"More than 166,000 teachers in the country that have not received a salary since October last year. This is more or less 73 percent of the total number of teachers in the country,' Relano said.",2
9593,"Vulnerable people in Pakistan who are in need include returnees in Khyber, Kurram, Orakzai, North Waziristan and South Waziristan in FATA Agencies and IDPs in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa hosting districts. ",1
1603,"Over 80% of the city’s infrastructure has been destroyed, including elements of the electricity and water system",1
2495,"To promote the right to health, the United Nations Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR) and the special rapporteur on the right to health have observed that, “States should ensure that their actions as members of international organizations take due account of the right to health.” The committee also has determined that “international assistance and cooperation, especially economic and technical,” should enable developing countries to fulfill their core and other obligations. The special rapporteur has indicated that governments should pay particular attention to helping other countries achieve minimum essential levels of health.",4
53,"Insecurity and conflict continue to undermine food security in a number of ASAL counties. Violent  incidents were reported in West Pokot on the borders with both Trans Nzoia and Elgeyo Marakwet  counties; the former led to loss of life while the latter caused the closure of a market. In Turkana, conflict  erupted in the Lomelo area close to the border with Pokot. Tension is also high in parts of Isiolo (Gafarsa,  Kombola and Belgesh), but so far without incident, while insecurity has increased in the Isiolo/Meru  border area. ",9
2904,Clashes on the 14th of August between households in Jinan attiyah muhalla resulted in the displacement of 25 to 30 families to Al nassr and Al jadidah muhallas. Only 6 families are still displaced and their main reported needs are house repair and NFIs.,10
5568,"64 per cent of the population in Lebanon do not have access to safe drinking water services. The presence of a large numbers of refugees has led to a stress on resources, but also to an increase of 15 per cent of solid waste, 14 per cent of waste water, and 12 per cent in water demand.",11
1493,"Gaza energy crisis: nearly 40 per cent of areas planted with seasonal vegetable crops are at risk due to irregular irrigation; outages of 18-20 hours a day continue to undermine basic services.Electricity outages ranging from 18 to 20 hours a day continued in August, impacting the availability of essential services, and undermining Gaza’s already fragile economy, including agriculture. As reported in this month’s Bulletin, some 30,000 out of 80,000 dunums planted with seasonal vegetable crops are at risk due to irregular irrigation, with dairy cattle farmers and poultry breeders also facing significant losses. The longer-term impact of the electricity crisis may result in farmers losing the motivation and the means to obtain capital to invest in an increasingly insecure enterprise.",7
1733,"The latest WHO update from 21 March 2017 stated that, since the October 2016 start of the emergency, a cumulative total of 23,506 suspected cases of cholera have been recorded. Authorities have said that this number includes 108 associated confirmed deaths across the country. Of these reported cases, Vibrio Cholera 01 has been laboratory-confirmed in 198 stool samples collected from 15 governorates.",4
4910,"Authorities in Indonesias Aceh province imposed the Sharia, or Islamic law, punishment of multiple lashes of a cane against 339 people in 2016, the first full-year of implementation of Acehs Sharias Criminal Code since it went into effect in September 2015.",9
8884,"34 Iraqi refugee families (115 individuals) returned from Al Hol camp in Syria to Um Aldhiban village in Ba’aj district, Ninewa as part of an organized movement. The families said they decided to return to Iraq due to a lack of services in the refugee camp, citing a lack of sufficient non-food items, including blankets, and food. UNHCR does not have access to this village but recorded the arrival of several of the families to Hamam Al Alil Transitional Site later that week. A significant number of families returning from Al Hol reported that camp management had confiscated their identification documents upon arrival, and were unable to recover them when leaving the camp. A Ninewa Provincial Council (PC) member recently visited Al Hol and collected some documents that he proceeded to turn over to Iraqi Security Forces for screening. So far, 60 documents have been cleared and the PC member has been returning them through his office in Mosul and in the Jeda’a camps were some families have relocated to. Currently the Iraqi Security Forces are still reviewing some 80 more are still under review. UNHCR is reviewing the list of new arrivals from Al Hol against camp databases in order to help facilitate the return of the documents. Similarly, UNHCR was requested by security actors in the Hamam Al Alil areas, Ninewa and the Ministry of Transport to support the return documents that had been confiscated during security screening or left behind. A list of the individuals was cross-referenced against UNHCR’s Assistance Information and Services Tracking System and 26 IDPs have been identified in UNHCR camps. UNHCR is coordinating with partners and camp managements to return their documents.",9
11624,Chronic malnutrition: 43% of children between 6-59 months,8
7471,"All mahallas except for Deil el-Wadi and Sheiha reportedly lacked a functional, accessible market. Accessing these central markets from outlying districts was reportedly difficult due to a lack of petrol and public transportation. Even so, KIs in several areas reported that residents relied almost exclusively on stores and markets for their food.",7
3360,"Fodder availability is currently inadequate in desert areas of Umerkot and Sanghar and with depleting grazing areas for livestock, fodder availability could be a matter of concern for the livestock in next few months.",5
5320,"Pepper farming was once one of the main agricultural activities inthe Diffa region. Now, its contribution to the regional economy suffered a five-fold decrease.",5
2220,"Sudan is at high risk from certain natural hazards in particular floods and drought. Floods and flash floods are grave natural hazards in terms of extent and frequency; the Nile River and its tributaries pose a particular risk. On average, floods affect some 200,000 people every year.",1
1409,"A large-scale food security Emergency continues in South Sudan. Food security is expected to improve slightly in late 2017 with the harvest, but most poor households in worst-affected areas will deplete stocks atypically early and food security will again deteriorate in early 2018. A risk of Famine (IPC Phase 5) remains and of greatest concern are about 10,000 people on isolated islands between central Unity and northwestern Jonglei, some of whom may be in Catastrophe (IPC Phase 5).",3
889,"As per the FSNAU/FEWS NET post-Gu 2017 food security and nutrition assessment fi ndings, the current global acutely malnourished population quantifi ed from both IDPs settlements and rural livelihood zones have increased by 20 per cent and 10 per cent, respectively. At the beginning of the year, the GAM rate was 14.9 per cent, while the SAM rate was 3.07 per cent, with 363,000 acutely malnourished and 71,000 SAM prevalence while projected fi gures were 971,503 acutely malnourished and 188,000 SAM cases. Currently the GAM rate has increased to 17.4 per cent, while SAM rate increased to 3.20 per cent with 388,070 acutely malnourished children and 87,250 SAM (point prevalence estimate). Projected fi gures (burden) would be 1,260,568 acutely malnourished and 231,829 SAM cases. Hence between September 2017 and August 2018, the need in the cluster is estimated to be 1.2 million acutely malnourished children of which 231,829 are severely malnourished children. Th e FSNAU/FEWS NET postGu 2017 preliminary results revealed that the current poor nutritional situation identifi ed in most of the IDPs settlements and rural livelihood zones will further deteriorate or remain in serious or critical situation. Recent assessments show higherprevalence of GAM in boys compared to girls across all underfi ve children. Th e diff erence was statistically signifi cant in all areas surveyed",8
8864," Farmers The farmers of Sudan’s El Gezira and El Managil agricultural schemes have confirmed the failure of the current agricultural season because of drought, and “catastrophic deterioration of the irrigation infrastructure”. ",0
5606,"Malawi has started registering new cases of cholera in areas bordering Mozambique, one week after the government in Malawi warned of a cholera outbreak in the neighboring country.",4
4271,"By 4 December, 318 suspected cases of diphtheria and 28 deaths had been reported in 15 of Yemen’s 20 governorates. Half the suspected cases are children between the ages of 5 and 14, and nearly 95% of deaths are children under 15. Nearly 70% of all suspected cases are in Ibb governorate.  ",4
686,"In the past four days, eleven more children died in Thar’s hospitals, including Mithi Civil Hospital and Islamkot Rural health Care Center, due to an eruption of waterborne diseases and starvation.  According to sources in the health department, since Jan 1 2017, over 172 infants have lost their lives in Tharparkar district.",11
2009,"According to the data gathered during joint rapid and detailed assessments conducted by RRCS, volunteers and local authorities, around 5,000 households (25,000 people) from 7 cells of the four sectors were affected by the floods, of which 4,750 people from 950 households were directly affected. These 950 Homeless families are being accommodated in the nearby communities after their homes were either destroyed or damaged by flowing waters and mud debris. Immediately, the flash floods caused 5 severe injuries, 141.5 hectares of crops flooded (including plantations of beans, potatoes, maize and tea), 643 livestock washed away, 10 bridges destroyed, 1 school affected, and students’ school materials washed away.",5
8447,"At least eight journalists and bloggers are currently in prison on politically-motivated charges. Among them is Mehman Huseynov, one of the country’s most popular journalists and bloggers, who’s serving two years in prison on bogus defamation charges.",9
6767,"Ethiopia: Fall Armyworm (FAW) is currently present in six regions of Ethiopia: Amhara, Benishangul Gumuz, Gambella, Oromia, SNNPR and Tigray, and a total of 381 woredas across the country are affected by this pest. Up to 2 million hectares of maize crops are at risk. Currently out of the 2 128 057 hectares of maize planted, some 430 181 hectares are infested, accounting for roughly 20 per cent of the total area planted.",0
2369,"On 22 May, 142 displaced people arrived at Abala refugee camp in the western Tillabery region following intercommunity clashes. In a separate incident a few days earlier, 17 people were killed and houses torched when armed attackers raided a village, also in Tillabery region. The attack by Tuareg tribesmen on a Fulani community was reportedly in retaliation to a previous assault. Several people are reported to have fled to an unknown location. Tillabery has witnessed a sharp increase in intercommunity violence since April.",9
6275,"An investigation has found that an UNMISS patrol team started fire that spread and destroyed property in an area along the Juba-Torit road, said the Governor of Imatong. Tobiolo Alberio said almost 300 farms and seven houses were set ablaze at the Lowoi village.17 goats died and a women sustained injuries during the incident that occurred last month, he said.“There was a bee hive 2.5 meters away from the road where the convoy had stopped. There the bees start attacking them,” he said.“There were two soldiers who fell down and the rest were trying to rescue them. As such, it made them to set the fire to scare the bees.” ",10
10777,"Ahead of the council visit to Bangladesh and Myanmar last week, senior U.N. officials warned the envoys about the prospect of a flood of babies being born in the coming weeks and months in the refugee camps that could be the result of rape.",4
7380,The affected zone is located in a very remote and hard to reach and highly insecure area (classified as red zone due to local banditry). ,4
1491,"As the Greek Prime Minister, Alexis Tsipras, visits Lesvos for a regional conference, the international medical humanitarian organization Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) warns that thousands of men, women, and children in Lesvos are living in squalid, overcrowded conditions in Moria camp, with insufficient access to health care.",4
10687,"Cattle raiding and livestock disease are also impacting households’ access to food and income across many areas of Lakes and Jonglei. Key informant information indicates that Rift Valley Fever (RVF) disease, which was declared in mid-March in parts of Yirol East, Yirol West and Awerial, have spread to parts of Jonglei. It is likely this is contributing to poor livestock health, resulting in lower livestock productivity and atypical livestock deaths. ",3
10807,"Despite the improvement, acute food insecurity remains a concern among IDP and refugee populations countrywide. In addition, relief actors have expressed concern that the new economic austerity measures—including reduced fuel subsidies and increased electricity tariffs—will likely increase the cost of transporting food commodities and other related fees, likely resulting in increased staple food prices. ",6
5839,"Three more persons have died of the H1N1 virus, also known as swine flu, in the past three days, bringing the toll to 33 in Myanmar as of Wednesday, media reports said on Thursday.  More than 300 patients were confirmed infected with the virus across the country since the outbreak of the disease on July 21, Xinhua news agency reported. Of these 210 patients have already been discharged.",4
11586,"Another 5,000 to 6,000 refugees are living in government established camps. Conditions in  the camps are better, with greater access to non-food items (NFIs). However, these refugees are still vulnerable,  particularly to cold-related health issues. Many live in unheated tents. At least six migrants across Serbia have died  due to the cold weather since the beginning of January 2017.  ",10
5704,"Given the returns witnessed so far this year and in light of a progressively increased number of returns of internally displaced people and, in time, refugees, UNHCR has started scaling up its operational capacity inside Syria. In order to adequately address the initial needs of IDP returnees, UNHCR - as part of the overall UN response inside Syria - will expand its humanitarian and protection response with a strong emphasis on providing protection services, improving shelter conditions and assist in the rehabilitation of some essential infrastructure and basic essential services, all in close coordination with respective sector lead agencies and partners.",1
11977,"The number of undocumented persons and new arrivals has continued to rise in the Dadaab camps as the formal resumption of their registration is still expected. Whilst they may have access to some services offered in the camps such as health, water, education, etc. their situation remains a matter of concern requiring ongoing attention as they not access a broad range of other services. On very exceptional basis, few may be registered, especially when they have to be medically to Garissa or Nairobi and who therefore need movement passes to be issued on their behalf. Nonetheless, UNHCR and RAS Dadaab have agreed to undertake weekly profiling of new arrivals (every Wednesday) across the camps in order to collect, consolidate and analyze information on these persons which would also facilitate advocacy. For the time being, registration only carried out on a very exceptional basis, i.e. for new arrival in need of medical referral outside the camps. Close follow-up on this critical issue remains required.",9
1380,"Around 1.5 million people in the Far North region are food insecure, with 180,000 at emergency level. Almost half of all children affected by acute malnutrition in Cameroon live in the Far North. Severe acute malnutrition rates have reached the emergency threshold in the Logone and Chari Department.",8
6148,"In the South, few areas received rainfall between May 10 and 20. Bay, Bakool, Gedo, and Hiiraan received little to no rainfall. Rain gauge stations in Bay recorded 0-10 mm of rainfall during the reporting period and no rainfall was recorded in Bakool. In Lower and Middle Juba, average to above-average rainfall was received in most livelihood zones, except parts of Badade District, where rainfall deficits have persisted throughout the season. Rain gauges in Jamamay and Sakow recorded 96 mm and 50 mm, respectively. In Lower and Middle Shabelle, light to moderate rainfall was received in most livelihood zones, although little to no rainfall was reported in Adan Yabaal and Adale Districts or in riverine areas of Balad, Marca, and Barawa. River flooding was reported in Balad District of Middle Shabelle, damaging standing crops in Maandheere, Deymo Samo, and Cadaadley villages. However, the river water levels have recently declined as a result of below-average rainfall and minimal rainfall in the Ethiopian highlands. River water levels in Beledweyne of Hiiraan were recorded at 5 meters, down from 6.5 meters in early May.",3
10917,Dengue fever. Ungraded.  1-Aug-17 to 27-Sep-17. Active case search activities completed following detection of a case during a study has identified a total of 20 confirmed case from 252 suspected cases tested to date,4
8407,"Myanmar authorities begin shutting down three displacement camps in the beleaguered Rakhine State, where persecuted Rohingya Muslims are mainly based.",10
6833,"More than 700,000 returnees and IDPs in the 15 assessed provinces reported to have no access to education, almost two million don’t have access to a doctor, and more than 1.5 million don’t have access to a market to buy and sell goods, including food items, according to IOM’s latest DTM results (",1
4512,"Measles • In week 21, there were 20 new suspected measles case-patients reported via weekly reporting, bringing the total number of cases reported in 2018 to 1 319.",4
2324,"Since November 2016, in support of the Civil-Military Coordination function led by OCHA (UNCMCoord), the Logistics Sector has been consolidating cargo movement notifications and coordinating escorts upon request of partners.",6
3859,"Branch Disaster Response Teams in Rathnapura, Kalutara, Matara, Galle and Colombo have been deployed to assist people who are stranded by flood waters and to provide essential relief.",1
10518,"In early June, at least 44 Libya-bound migrants, including women and babies, died of thirst in the Sahara desert after their vehicle broke down in scorching conditions.  In May 2015, the government in Niamey adopted a law banning the trafficking of migrants and refugees with those found guilty facing a prison sentence of between one and 30 years, and fines of up to 30 million CFA francs ($51,000).  Libya has long struggled to control its southern borders with Sudan, Chad and Niger, even before the 2011 uprising that toppled long-time ruler Muammar Gaddafi.   In the chaos that followed, traffickers stepped up their business, with tens of thousands of people each year making the perilous crossing to Italy just some 300km away.",9
10497,"With numbers growing, public services such as health care and sanitation are becoming stretched. Authorities recently declared a state of emergency and have allocated BRL 190 million (approximately US$ 58 million) for emergency humanitarian assistance for people coming from Venezuela. ",4
3229,"Health and nutrition of children and women is another matter of immediate concern. Communities have to visit healthcare facilities in the main cities, even for the minor health concerns.",8
1913,"Both refugees and host communities in Cox’s Bazar are susceptible to environmental hazards associated with the ongoing cyclone and monsoon season which has started now and is expected to continue till November. At this point in time, other parts of the country are also receiving heavy rains but not to the point of flooding. Risks of cholera or acute watery diarrhoea outbreak will remain high during the monsoon season.",4
1076,"Access to health facilities: Only in 2% of locations KIs reported not to have access to static health facilities. However, in 17% locations it was responded that the population had to travel over 30 minutes to reach the nearest health facility on foot. In 39% of assessed locations, the refugee population was reported to have access to mobile clinics. However, in 64% of locations the population reportedly faced difficulties accessing health facilities at night.",4
11682,"Top NFI needs: blankets, cooking sets, sleeping mats, clothing (in order of priority)",7
43,"The Tropical Storm “Talas” has left a trail of destruction in Nghe An, Thanh Hoa, Ha Tinh and Quang Binh Provinces. The incident has caused 14 deaths and damaged 2,751 houses.",10
8592,Poverty: 49.9% live below  poverty line (2007 data) ,1
9177,"Two kids, a 17 year-old man and a 60 year-old man have already died in a week due to cholera disease in Kagwema area of Gihanga Commune in Bubanza western Province. Quentin Marc Ngendakumana, chief of Kagwema hill, says the symptoms of the affected people are diarrhea and vomiting. “We rush the affected people to the hospital and ten of them are already receiving treatment”, says Ngendakumana. ",4
11155,Food prices in May have contiued to stay high or incease above the previouse year and the two year average ,3
7013,"Shelter and non-food goods: According to Information from local sources 14 households were Destroyed and 145 have partial damage. Blankets, mats, clothes, particularly for children And materials for the reconstruction of Tambos / houses that were destroyed",7
4431,"Communities in the area do not have the raw materials to thatch their homes and houses are need of repair. Also, most households did not have adequate cooking utensils. ",7
5999,"The Turkish government has suspended more than 11,000 teachers over what it has described as suspected links to the banned Kurdistan Workers’ Party (PKK). The grand operation which started last September in the aftermath of the failed coup in July, has so far stripped some 14,000 government employees of their positions.  ",2
6154,"Nord-Kivu: 260,000 people affected. 162,000 people in need. ",8
2614,"The improved rainy season and harvest in March and April 2017 may produce a temporary reprieve from the complex nutritional crisis in the south, however pockets of acute malnutrition remain an obstacle to recovery. Preliminary results of the UNICEF-led nutrition SMART surveys show GAM prevalence between 10 and 15 per cent in Beloha and Amboasary districts, within the “high” prevalence range for wasting, according to WHO standards (10-14 per cent). ",8
8977,School activities and public and private labor activity are suspended throughout the country.,2
10278,The Meteorology Department of Sri Lanka said today heavy rains could be expected at different parts of the country during next few days as authorities warned that the number of people affected by the severe drought could rise if the rains do not arrive soon.  ,1
9036,"A recent case control study conducted by the Somali Region Health Bureau, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and WHO in Jigjiga Town, the region’s capital, found most people in the region relied on information from neighbours and community leaders about AWD much more than radio or television. Knowing with whom and how to share key messages about AWD was essential to curbing the outbreak.  Additionally, the clear and elaborate administrative system in Somali Region, and throughout Ethiopia, is suitable for implementing effective community engagement.The main reason for low compliance with the WASH messages was shortage of water, particularly in arid rural areas, where people must choose between using their meagre water supply for drinking, food preparation or for sanitary purposes. In Somali Region, as in other places undergoing severe drought, shortage of safe water remains an important factor in AWD prevention and control.  There are knowledge gaps that require direct community engagement regarding the safety of water treatment chemicals, poor eating behaviors and sanitation practices. Some people live in “hard-to-reach” areas, requiring extra effort and different targeting strategies to reach them with AWD messages.  Overall community engagement using individual counselling, house-to-house mobilization, community meetings and use of religious institutions are proving invaluable in mobilizing communities for AWD action. Most importantly, community leaders in the region now appreciate that community engagement is their responsibility and that it has to continue even after AWD comes to an end.  For community engagement activities to bring about lasting change, they need to be complemented with other interventions including the provision of safe water, adequate supply of water treatment tablets and construction of latrines. This requires a multi-sectoral response and coordination between various stakeholders in the health and water management arenas.",4
3113,"Over 16 million litres of clean water are required daily and 50,000 semi-permanent latrines need to be constructed or maintained",11
11582,"Brazil is experiencing the largest outbreak of yellow fever since the 1940s. While the most confirmed cases are in states of Minas Gerais and Espiritu Santo, the disease has spread to other regions in the country. On 13 January 2017, the Ministry of Health declared a public health emergency in the state of Minas Gerais.The number of cases has stabilized since the end of the summer which also experienced rains. It has meant a significant decrease in the Aedes aegypti mosquito population. This mosquito in addition to transmitting yellow fever also transmits Zika, dengue and chikungunya.The state of Rio de Janeiro has the most confirmed cases (22) of yellow fever as well as epizootic diseases. There are currently 19 states and the federal district in which the yellow fever vaccination is permanently recommended for the population from the age of 9 months to 59 years.",4
6475,"The older registered refugees, who are receiving food vouchers (which they can redeem at contracted retailer shops) have the highest intake of micro- and macronutrients including Vitamin A and heme iron.  Data suggest that the nutrient intake is correlated with the transfer modality and partially with the higher value of assistance . Food voucher assistance has a positive impact on increasing refugees’ dietary diversity and nutrient intake by providing them with diverse food options, and should be scaled-up where feasible.",3
3721,"Public health indicators such as immunization status for measles and Vitamin A supplementation were assessed based on a sixmonth recall period (single dose). Low measles immunization and vitamin A supplementation status were reported among IDPs in Dolow, Baidoa, Qardho IDPs and Hargeisa (Table 3). Data from WHO indicates increased measles outbreak in September and October in districts such as Mogadishu, Galkacyo, Qardho and Baidoa (Figure 1) which highlights the increased risk of further outbreak in the absence of adequate immunization",4
4768,"A Turkish court has remanded in custody the local director of Amnesty International and five other human rights activists, the mass-circulation newspaper Hurriyet said on Tuesday.",9
8581,"The Gboladji family is not alone. As of June 2017, the UN estimates that more than 1 million Central Africans—almost a quarter of the population—are displaced within CAR or as refugees in neighboring countries, cut off from their livelihoods and support systems. Crisis levels of acute food insecurity grip these vulnerable populations, and they require urgent humanitarian assistance to meet their basic needs.  ",3
5316,"? 1.2 million people located in the Donbass region – consisting of the Luhansk and Donetsk regions – are food insecure, according to a joint food security assessment produced by Food Security and Livelihoods Cluster in September. The assessment indicated that approximately 800,000 people are moderately or severely food insecure in NGCA – including 150,000 who are severely food insecure. Approximately 410,000 people in GCA are moderately or severely food insecure – among them, 26,000 people are severely food insecure.",3
8019,"In separate reports, two people died and 10 others were infected with cholera at Shuaib area of El Greisha locality in El Gedaref earlier this week.A medical source told Radio Dabanga from El Gedaref that the medical isolation centre at Shuaib area has received 16 cases from Friday until Wednesday, two of them died including a woman and a man in front of the grand mosque of the area.In the White Nile state the death toll due to cholera has risen to five, one woman, one man and three children, this along with the infection of more than 400 people.",4
6325,"? Between January and December 2017, health actors recorded more than 23,350 suspected measles cases across Somalia, with approximately 60 percent of cases occurring among children younger than five years of age, according to the UN. Although the number of new measles cases has declined in recent months, the overall number of cases in 2017 was more than four times higher than the cases recorded in either 2015 or 2016, the UN reports. ",4
893,"Needs 1. Damage assessment for most schools in Telafar and in the newly accessible areas in western Mosul is required to ensure that these schools are rehabilitated before the next academic year (2017-2018). 2. Schools in west, east and outside of Mosul (newly accessible areas) are in need of school materials (furniture, text books and stationary). 3. Lack of funding remains a major operational constraint for partners who are unable to adequately respond in newly accessible areas of western Mosul and western Anbar",2
9957,"Isiolo county. The County drought status remained at Alarm stage and the trend is worsening. The rainfall performance in all livelihood zones was depressed and poorly distributed. Rangeland conditions worsened further as the dry spell progressed resulting into severe scarcity of pasture, browse and water resources leading into massive out-migrations. ? The ability of herders to access good prices for their livestock has been curtailed by migrations which has continued to hamper food availability and consumption leading to poor nutrition among the most vulnerable groups. Water shortages are severe in Sericho, Merti and Garbatulla. Shallow wells that were in use dried up in Bassa, Dakiye and Malkagalla and people and livestock are facing severe water shortages. The food security situation is therefore severe and expected to worsen further as all environmental, production, access and utilization indicators gradually deteriorate until the impacts of the OND short rains come to effect in December. ? The county is therefore at crisis food security phase of the Integrated Phase Classification (IPC 2.0) and may drift to emergency phase.",3
7135,"The outbreak of acute watery diarrhoea (AWD) continues to improve. In week 29 (week ending 23 July 2017), 190 new cases were reported in Amhara, Oromia and Somali Regions, compared with 331 cases in week 28. There were 24 new cases of measles reported in week 29. To date, there have been 58 separate laboratory-confirmed measles outbreaks in the country. Oromia Region has 31% of reported cases, followed by Amhara (26%), Addis Ababa (20%) and SNNP (11%). Children under the age of 5 years make up 39% of the affected population, followed by 5-14 years at 37%. Severe acute malnutrition (SAM) continues to affect the regions. Oromia is the most affected, with 1 496 new cases of SAM reported, 1 298 of which were managed at the outpatient therapeutic centres (OTPs) and 198 cases admitted to stabilization centres (SCs). Afar Region reported 300 SAM cases, 289 managed at OTPs and 11 cases admitted to SCs, while Amhara Region reported 360 cases of SAM, 341 of which were managed at OTPs and 19 admitted to SCs",4
9528,"due to fear, fishermen are not going to the river to catch fish. This is causing a food crisis in the area as fishing is the major source of income. In Feni district",3
9357," The more than 679,400 people who experienced food insecurity in Lesotho in December are likely to continue facing acute food insecurity through May, FEWS NET estimates. High staple prices are a critical factor contributing to food insecurity; in November, staple food prices in Lesotho remained 22 percent higher than the five-year average, negatively affecting purchasing power for market-dependent poor households, according to WFP.",3
9209,"While making numerous attempts to enter the country, these Chechen refugees are struggling to survive the limbo in Brest. Numbers may be consistently decreasing (from around 3,000 in August), as every day only two or three families are let into Poland, but the crisis is far from over. Among these people, single women and children are particularly vulnerable. ",9
3694,"The District Public Health Office, Mahottari, has started the children's nutrition programme after 11,000 kids in Mahottari district were found suffering from malnutrition.Acute malnutrition has been seen in 1,888 children and complex type of malnutrition in 9,000 children in the district.",8
3398,"ON- Five hospitals and one mobile clinic were attacked in Syria in the past 48 hours. Initial reports indicate three people have been killed and 29 more injured. The medical facilities attacked in the past two days provide on average per month:  consultations, 2000 admissions, 1800 surgeries and 650 deliveries. The eight attacks of the past four days have put 2016 on track to becoming the worst year of hospital attacks on record.  ",5
3971,"The agriculture minister on July 13 said fall armyworms had been detected in the southern region of Equatoria, known as the country’s breadbasket before fighting spread there, and Bahr el-Ghazal, in the northwest. Speaking to reporters, Adigo Onyoti Nyikwac said 166,000 hectares (410,195 acres) of South Sudan’s 664,000 hectares of arable land could be affected. He warned the government has limited resources to contain the pest and it’s likely to spread.",3
7578,"660,000+ Syrian Refugees registered with UNHCR in Jordan. 297,000+ In working age. Men mostly work in agriculture & construction, Women prefer home-based activities. 100,000+ work permits issued to men, 4,000 work permits issued to women.",5
5946,"When Reem and her neighbours finally reached safety at Mabrouka camp, a temporary shelter housing 2,000 displaced families, they found harsh living conditions. For 10 days, they had limited access to food and water, and slept out in the open – without as much as a blanket to warm themselves.",3
7039,"375 villages in the 30 provinces have been affected by the thunderstorms during 23-28 April 2018, affecting 7,364 villagers with one reported fatality. He said the DDPM has been working with local authorities and the military to provide initial help to the storm victims, deliver relief items, distribute repair materials, and conduct a damage surveys in order to provide compensation according to the Ministry of Finance’s protocol.",10
11960,"“The problem is big. Due to water shortage, death has increased among our livestock,” said Jasim Jaafar, a local resident. “We asked Babil health [authorities] plenty of times to find an immediate solution to the crisis.”According to him, some children have also died due to lack of water.",5
8909,"Women and children living in IDP camps are subjected to a series of violations, abuses and risks as a result of their perceived IS ties. These violations are carried out by armed actors operating in the camps, camp authorities and others. Many are denied access to food, water and health care. They are routinely blocked from obtaining new or replacement identity cards and other civil documents, which often means that the women cannot move freely, work or collect family pensions, and that their children cannot attend school. They suffer severe restrictions on their freedom of movement, whether due to the fact that they do not have proper documentation or that camp authorities have blocked them from leaving the camp, placing them in de facto detention.",9
8471,"Referral of medical cases outside camps remains challenging, negatively affecting women with specific needs (e.g. women in advanced stages of pregnancy).",4
5376,"Police ban movement of women at night in Tonj The Director of Criminal Investigation Department in Tonj state has banned movement of women in the market at night.    Makuei Ramadan said over twenty five per cent of women are always found moving at night aimlessly. He called on women in the state to avoid moving at night to allow security forces to do their job.    “People should not just go town irresponsibly saying Tonj town has become state headquarters and that we should misbehave. If you are a working man you should have time with your wife and your children. For business women there should be time for you to open and close, so as to allow time for police to check on criminals,” he said.    The official made the remark on Friday after receiving a security report which indicated that security night patrols find many women loitering in the town at night.",9
2746,Some villages such as  Amoro and Kanyenze have been cut off from areaswhere they access services such as health and education  because of the streamswhich have flooded.,4
8460,"Five SMART surveys conducted during the reporting period showed global acute malnutrition (GAM) rates above the World Health Organization (WHO) 15 per cent emergency threshold in the counties of Aweil Centre, Northern Bahr el Ghazal (23.3 per cent); Malakal, Upper Nile (15.2 per cent); Bor South, Jonglei (16.1 per cent); and Kapoeta North (17.3 per cent) and Kapoeta South (16.9 per cent), Eastern Equatoria. A significant deterioration of the nutrition situation in Malakal Protection of Civilians (PoC) site, Kapoeta North and Kapoeta South was noted during the lean season (April – July) as compared to the same season in 2016. Outbreaks of acute watery diarrhoea and cholera have been attributed to the high GAM rates in Kapoeta North and South. The crude mortality rate in Kapoeta South was found to be above the emergency threshold of two deaths per 10,000 people per day, which is mainly attributed to cholera-related deaths. ",8
7648,"It is estimated that more than 830 000 people are presently in need of humanitarian assistance in Cox's Bazar, of which 55% are children. 618 000 new arrival since 25 August 2017 (338 000 in Kutupalong Expansion Site, 234 000 in other settlements and camps and 46 000 in host communities). Urgent needs in food assistance, nutrition, shelter, health, protection, water and sanitation. Serious risks of diseases outbreaks - including measles and cholera – and high number of SGBV reported.",3
10799, Swaziland Water Service Corporation (SWSC) Acting Public Affairs Manager Welcome Shabangu confirmed that Hawane dam levels increased by at least 25 per cent over the weekend,11
2935,"these provinces flooded houses and swept away cars after rivers burst their banks. According to the official reports, two counties of Ajabshir and Azarshahr in Azerbaijane-Sharghi province were mostly affected.",10
2125,Three people died of Lassa fever in Kenema during the second week of February,4
174,"On 3 March 2017, Tropical storm Enawo formed in the southern Indian Ocean. As of 7 March, the tropical cyclone was moving at speeds of 10 KM / H and is accompanied by strong winds of 205 KM / H and gusts of up to 300 KM / H within a radius of 70 km around the center. The cyclone hit landfall on 7 March at around 10:30 a.m. local time. Enawo is currently equivalent to a Category 4 hurricane and is a dangerous phenomenon representing a real threat to the inhabitants of the north-east coast of Madagascar.  Enawo will move west-south-west and reach the coasts of Madagascar between Antalaha and Cap Masoala on the north-east. Enawo will subsequently move southwards across the highlands, including the capital Antananarivo. The cyclone is expected to bring a lot of rain, during its passage through the regions. A peak of rainfall is expected in the eastern slopes of Madagascar. Enawo is expected to cross the Island through the regions of SAVA, Analanjirofo, Alaotra Mangoro, Atsinanana, Analamanga, Vakinankaratra, Bongolava, Itasy, Ihombre, Amoron'i Mania, Haute Matsiatra, Vatovavy Fitovinany.According to Malagasy Red Cross, approximately 720,000 people will be affected directly and indirectly by this intense tropical cyclone. Meteo Madagascar has issued a red alert for the north east coastal areas of Madagascar, advising residents to abandon houses on water edges, store drinking water and seek shelter in a safe building.",10
1644,"A new outbreak of measles has been confirmed in Aweil East County, Northern Bahr el Ghazal, after four samples tested positive on 24 February 2018. As of 9 March, a total of 21 measles cases had been identified and registered in Aweil East.Measles is an airborne disease that affects mainly children, although it can also affectadults. It spread through air or direct contact, and some early symptoms of measles include fever, cough, redness and swelling of the eyelids, running nose, watery eyes and skin rashCountrywide, at least 83 suspected measles cases have been reported in Central Equatoria, Eastern Equatoria, Jonglei, Lakes, Northern Bahr el Ghazal, Unity, Warrap, Western Equatoria and Western Bahr el Ghazal since January 2018. This includes one death, representing a case fatality rate (CFR) of 1.20 per cent. Sixty-eight samples were collected and analyzed. Of those, 14 were measles positive.",4
10199,"Prior to the current influx of Burundian refugees, Tanzania had only one remaining refugee camp i.e Nyarugusu, established in 1996 to host Congolese (DRC) refugees. Accommodating just over 65,000 mainly Congolese refugees, and being the only refugee camp open, Nyarugusu provided shelter to thousands of Burundian refugees who arrived in Tanzania fleeing from civil and political strife in Burundi at the start of the emergency in April 2015, increasing the camp population to over three times its carrying capacity and making it one of the largest and most overcrowded camps in the world. This necessitated the re-opening of another two refugee camps by the government: i.e Nduta and Mtendeli camps.",10
8639,"According to the testimonies by Aaron Chambaira and Stella Dosani during the event, most village heads do not consider people living with HIV/AIDS when it comes to distribution of relief food items.",3
8521,"Libya is suffering from high inflation rates that hit 33% coupled with loss of purchasing power of the Libyan dinar as per the World Bank's report, let alone the cash crisis in the country",5
11075,"The seasonal heavy continuous rains in the Malaysia since 23rd January 2017 have caused flooding in six states, namely, Johor, Kelantan, Pahang, Perak, Selangor and Sabah. 4,207 families have been evacuated to evacuation centres. The worst hit states are Johor and Pahang where waters have rose up to 1.5 metres in certain areas. More rains are expected this weekend putting these states in risk over heavy flooding.",7
643,"Gwoza IDP count: 60,836. Needs: SHelter, NFI, food and water",10
10733,"In July 2017 DTM33 reported that 96 per cent of children were attending school regularly across the country with the exception of four mantikas where respondents reported 100 per cent school attendance. In Aljfara, Derna, Sirt and Ubari overcrowded schools, safety issues, damage to school buildings or schools being occupied by armed actors were reported as reasons for lack of school attendance for children.Years of conflict have affected the education system. Only six mantikas out of 22 have 100 per cent of their schools operational. Derna, Misrata and Sirt have the lowest percentage of operational schools",2
966,"the government committed crimes against humanity, including extermination, murder, enslavement, torture, imprisonment, rape and other forms of sexual violence, and forced abortion.",9
8692,"In terms of infrastructure damage, there are 931 houses affected - 760 with minor damage, 150 with moderate damage and 21 with severe damage - in addition to 51 roads and 16 bridges.",10
6072,"Côte d’Ivoire’s President, Alassane Ouattara, should do more to fulfill his promise of justice for victims of the country’s 2010-11 post-election crisis, 11 national and international human rights groups said today in a joint letter to the president.Ouattara, who was sworn for his first term seven years ago, has said repeatedly that, “there will be no impunity in Côte d’Ivoire.” But no one has been held accountable in Ivorian courts for the war crimes and likely crimes against humanity committed during the crisis.",9
4603,"All 107 hospitals examined in Aleppo, Idlib, Latakia, Hammah, Daraa, Quneitra, and Homs were hit at least once by a direct or indirect airstrikes. Some hospitals were struck as many as 25 times. The average hospital was attacked three times.",4
9344,"? As of August 17, health agencies had recorded more than 522,000 suspected cholera cases and nearly 2,000 associated deaths in Yemen, according to USAID/OFDA partner the UN World Health Organization (WHO). However, WHO reports that the spread of the disease has slowed in recent weeks compared to peak levels. USAID/OFDA partners are providing critical health, humanitarian coordination, and water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) assistance in response to the widespread cholera outbreak",4
6290,"90 percent of cereal production as having been affected by drought, causing significant losses that affect peasant food security in the region",3
8942,"Education institutions were supposed to reopen on Saturday after Eid holidays but more than 100 schools are under water.  The district administration has declared 161 primary schools and 13 high schools closed until the water receded, said Deputy Commissioner in Sylhet Rahat Anwar.",2
2635,"Baratuku, Healthcare services are inadequate for the settlement population. The only health center for refugees in Baratuku also serves large populations of Ugandan nationals and other refugees from Elema settlement, straining already constrained resources. The facility is reportedly understaffed and refugees reported experiencing long delays before they are assisted.",4
8890,"Education: ? The refugees shared that reasons for low enrolment include lack of awareness among community, child labour and quality issues such as poor infrastructure of schools, unhygienic WASH (Water Sanitation and Hygiene) conditions and lack of school supplies. ? Less enrolment of Girl's was linked to traditional beliefs and gender role of girls to engage in domestic work, rearing siblings and early marriages. Some communities prefer religious education instead. ? Duksis1 appeared in the discussions to be causing delays for the students to attend the school and also in terms of preference for religious schools. ? Corporal punishment and unprofessional behaviours of teachers came out as a main concern from children and parents. ? Access due to distance from schools especially for secondary and high school and perception about the lack of importance of only primary level school in the absence of opportunities for further education was also discussed.  ",2
7770,The 13 public hospitals in Gaza only have enough fuel in stock to last for one week of operations,4
9106,"The Lord’s Resistance Army (LRA) was responsible for 16 attacks in February 2017 in which they abducted 70 civilians, 32 in Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and 38 in the Central African Republic (CAR).",6
4274,"Urgent food, nutrition and livelihood assistance is needed for: •  802 000 people in Emergency (IPC Phase 4) •  2.3 million people in Crisis (IPC Phase 3)",3
1856,"The rains have overwhelmed the drainage system in the cities along Peru’s Pacific coast, and the health ministry has started fumigating around the pools of water that have formed in the streets to kill mosquitoes that carry diseases like dengue.",11
2107,"Seven more infants died from complications caused by malnutrition over the past three days in government hospitals of Thar, raising the death toll to 137 since January this year, according to sources.  ",11
3167,"Drought-induced separation of children from their families is reported in various parts of the country. In Garissa County, 64 boys from a primary boarding schools were reported separated from their families who migrated in search of pasture and water for livestock. In Kakuma, about 60 street children were recorded.",9
1194,"Land degradation, and in particular soil erosion, is also one of the key environmental problems in Montenegro and has affected 13 135 km2 or 95 percent of the country (Spalevic et al., 2014).",0
5136,"Asmara and surrounding towns are concerned by the shortage of drinking water, reported Radio Erena sources from the capital. According to the sources, drinking water has been in short supply for months now and residents are rationed a barrel a week by the local administrations. People are reported to be seen in long lines in the streets to get the rationed water.",11
7063,"On Monday, January 16, the missing persons' case took a new turn when a resident of the capital Islamabad filed a complaint with the police accusing the missing activists of committing blasphemy.",9
6088,"Poor families are hosting displaced relatives (the war has driven an estimated two million Yemenis from their homes) and some are resorting to what aid agencies call “negative coping mechanisms”, of the kind that can foster cholera, in particular, according to UNICEF spokesman Mohammed al-Asaadi, “using water from untreated water sources”.",11
4672,"Tribal elder Noor Khan said: “We have no basic facilities like electricity, clean drinking water, schools and hospitals etc. We need schools with teachers and hospitals with doctors.",4
5255,"Shelter and non-food items (NFIs) were cited as equally urgently needed. With communal buildings at full capacity, the majority of new arrivals were seeking shelter amongst the local community. If displacement was to continue at this scale and without shelter assistance, the capacity of the local community to shelter IDPs may be exceeded. Further, in light of the sudden onset of the displacement, FGD participants were unable to carry NFIs along and cited a lack of blankets, water containers and mosquito nets as their top NFI needs",7
7527,"On 30 April, civilian protesters gathered in several areas of Eastern Ghouta, including the towns of Saqba, Kafr Batna, Hamourya, Ein Terma, Zamalka, and Hezzeh, to demand an end to the clashes between the armed opposition groups. Approximately 3,000-4,000 protesters marched towards Jaish Al-Islam-controlled parts of Arbin the following day. After crossing three Jaish Al-Islam-run checkpoints, the protesters arrived at a fourth in Arbin where 30 to 40 fighters attempted to disperse the protestors by shooting in the air and then directly at the civilians. At least nine civilians were reportedly injured. Jaish Al-Islam later condemned the shootings and said it considered this an isolated incident.",9
9210,"A militia group protecting Sharara oil field has decided to halt oil production until their demands are met. In a statement on Sunday, the so-called Brigade 30 from Ubari town said they had decided to close the oil field due to the government’s inaction and failure to meet their “simple and repeated demands”. The militia group set their demands as following: Development projects in the entire southern region; Provide fuel, domestic gas and cash to the southerners; Support health institutions and medical staff of the south; Release the southerners who were arrested on identity; Payment of the brigade’s salaries from November 2015 onwards; Inclusion of the brigade fighters within the Petroleum Facilities Guard; Reopen office of the Petroleum Facilities Guard in Ubari. The militia group held the government of the Presidential Council responsible for the consequences of failure to meet their demands. Sharara is the largest oil field in the country. It’s located in Murzuq desert in southwestern Libya with production capacity of around 300,000 barrels per day. The oil field is experiencing periodic shutdowns by a militia group from Zintan.",7
3327,"IDPs indicated that accessing NFIs is a challenge, including fuel (17, 57%), winter clothing and shoes (13, 43%), adult and children’s clothing (12, 40%), and blankets (12, 40%).",7
10526,"The incident follows last month’s expulsion of Mercy Corps, which had been running one of the largest aid operations in Syria from Turkey, and the detention of 10 staff from Denmark’s DanChurchAid. Other NGOs, including one from Italy have also recently been banned from operating in the country. Turkish media reports and aid workers say representatives from the UN, the United States, and the EU have been engaged in diplomatic efforts to relax the clampdown, but with little visible effect.",9
7599,"Five community members were shot and killed in unclear circumstances in the western Colombian province of Chocó on the night of March 25, 2017, Human Rights Watch said today. The Colombian government should take immediate measures to investigate the deaths and aid families who have been displaced.The killings took place in the Afro-Colombian community of Carrá in the municipality of Litoral de San Juan. Initial reports from community members said that victims were caught in the crossfire between the National Liberation Army (ELN) guerrillas and the Gaitanist Self-Defenses of Colombia (AGC). A human rights official later told Human Rights Watch that, according to local residents, there was no such clash and men with the ELN emblem had appeared in town and begun firing indiscriminately into the community. Similarly, the mayor told the media that there was no clash and an armed group had shot “indiscriminately” at civilians. The Attorney General’s Office reported that seven ELN members apparently killed the civilians under unspecified circumstances and left an ELN flag in the community.  The ELN later denied the claims by the Attorney General’s Office and suggested that the AGC was responsible for the killings.",9
10634,"There is a cluster of sites close to Ar-Raqqa city (including Yaarub, Raabe’a, Eastern Salhabyyeh and Mahawakyyeh), which primarily consists of people from Ar-Raqqa city living in personal tents and makeshift shelters. It is difficult for these persons to move further due to the risk of being caught in conflict and the area is extremely hard to access",1
6546,"Large assistance needs will continue throughout 2018, with worstaffected populations in northern and central pastoral areas facing larger gaps in their basic food needs. Although a better than expected October to December 2018 rainy season contributed to a reduction in the risk of Famine (IPC Phase 5), humanitarian assistance also played a large role in driving improvements. There is high concern food security would deteriorate considerably in this absence of assistance, with an estimated 2.7 million people expected to face Crisis (IPC Phase 3) or worse by June 2018. Continued assistance is needed throughout much of the country to protect lives and livelihoods.",3
7248,"A measles outbreak has been confirmed in Panyijiar County. At least 158 cases, including four deaths (case fatality rate of 2.53 per cent) have been reported since early July 2017. All the measles cases in Panyijiar County are being managed at primary health care centres in Ganyliel and Nyal. However, the 13 payams in the county have reported cases with the most affected being Nyal, Kol and Katieth. Measles is an infectious viral disease causing fever and a red rash on the skin, typically occurring in childhood. About 77.6 per cent of the cases in Panyijiar are children under age 5. None of the affected cases had received measles vaccinHowever, the risk of further measles outbreaks remains high as conflict, displacement and lack of access continue to frustrate efforts to ensure countrywide vaccination coverage. The coverage for all preventable diseases has remained below 50 per cent since 2016 country-wide, with only 20 per cent in Jonglei, Unity and Upper Nile. A measles follow up campaign has been implemented since May 2017 reaching 1.6 million children 6 to 49 months with the vaccine. However, an estimated 546,000 children under age 5 are still at risk of contracting measles across the country, especially in the Greater Upper Nile, according to partners.Since the beginning of 2017, at least 1,087 suspect measles cases have been reported across South Sudan, including at least 11 deaths. Of these, 616 have been investigated with a total of 431 being confirmed as measles in nine counties: Aweil South, Gogrial East, Gogrial West, Juba, Jur River, Panyijiar, Torit, Wau and Yambio.",4
5768,"Affected areas were highly vulnerable to the spread of diseases. Increases in the number of cases of dengue, chikungunya, Zika, leptospirosis and other diseases were reported. According to the Ministry of Health’s Department of Epidemiology, 75,895 cases of dengue were recorded (27,057 confirmed and 48,838 probable) in 2017. Piura is the region with the highest number of cases (48,688 probable and confirmed cases), followed by La Libertad (6,471 probable and confirmed cases) and Tumbes (5,402 probable and confirmed cases). The number of dengue cases in regions severely affected by the coastal El Niño phenomenon peaked between the end of January and the beginning of MayGiven the situation of risk, considering the circulation of dengue, Zika and chikungunya, the presence and persistence of the vector, high levels of migration and limited operational capacity of health services due to the disaster, the Ministry of Health declared a health emergency in the regions of Tumbes, Piura, Lambayeque, La Libertad, Áncash and Ica for a period of 90 days, ending on 15November 2017.3 The health emergency was extended from 16 November to 31 December 20174 to continue delivering health interventions.",4
3419,"Israeli authorities, on Tuesday, confiscated a number of cattle and water tanks belonging to Palestinians in the village of Um al-Ubor, in the Jordan Valley region of the West Bank, according to local sources.",5
6740,INSECURTY THREATENS EDUCATION IN DIFFA Teachers in the south-eastern Diffa region on 4 November requested the Government to improve security around schools at high risk of Boko Haram attacks following the killing of one of their colleagues in late October. They pointed out that the persistent threat of attacks could disrupt learning in the area struck by an unprecedented humanitarian emergency. There have been six attacks on schools over the past year. Currently 30 schools are closed due to insecurity.,2
9315," The Syrians are living in makeshift tents and mud huts in deplorable conditions in an informal camp known as 'Rukban', in a desert area just north of a raised sand barrier, or 'berm' near the convergence of the Iraqi, Syrian, and Jordanian borders. They were trapped there when Jordan sealed the border following an attack on its soldiers there that was claimed by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL, also known as ISIS) in June 2016.",10
9449,"Three residents from a camp for internally displaced persons in Kuresoi North have reportedly died over the last one month from pneumonia.Itare IDP camp chairman Simeon Kiprono said those most affected by the heavy rains were children and the elderly.The area has at least 1,200 families who claim they were uprooted from their homes to pave the way for construction of the multi-billion-shilling Itare Dam.Mr Kiprono said yesterday the IDPs were grappling with floods that had destroyed their tents and other property. Nancy Siele, a resident, said they were also exposed to the risk of waterborne diseases.'Sometimes, the pit latrines get filled with rain water, which flows into the camp,' she said.'The fact that we don't also have enough toilets has worsened the situation. We are asking the authorities to intervene.'",4
9654,"More than one thousand schools have been affected. 63% of them can be rehabilitated in a short term. ? Piura is the department most affected, with 115 uninhabitable and 408 affected schools. ? In Lima and Ancash 21 schools have been reported as collapsed. ? The Ministry of Education (M INEDU) is working to get more detailed information on the number of students and teachers affected. ? Since the number of displaced population is to increase, there is concern because schools are gradually occupied as shelters. This affects the continuity of educational services and prevents it from functioning as a vehicle to protect children",2
10064,"Crossings through the five operational exit/entrance checkpoints (EECP) remain intense, with up to 40 000 individual crossings per day recorded in the reporting period.While queuing, people are exposed to snow, wind and freezing conditions, putting their health at risk. At least five periods of utterly inclement weather conditions occurred in January–March 2018. This is particularly challenging for the elderly, those with disabilities, children and pregnant women. Heavy snowfalls and temperatures plummeting to -19 ?C in February further restricted movement and limited access to health services and critical facilities for thousands of people living in conflict-affected areas.",4
3166,"Hama Province – The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights: the property of citizens and agricultural crops in the area of Al-Najiyeh which is located in the western countryside of Jisr Al-Shughur city, are still on fire, as a result of the artillery shelling by the regime forces on places in the area, as a part of renewed deliberate processes to burn the citizens’ agricultural crops, raising to more than 409, the number of artillery and rocket shells launched by the regime forces in 15 days of shelling escalation along with their loyal gunmen, on the northern countryside of Hama, the southern and western countryside of Idlib, and Sahl al-Ghab northwest of Hama.",5
155,"The Borno Police Command on Sunday said it had deployed 3, 000 police officers to Maiduguri and other areas liberated from the Boko Haram insurgents. The Police Public Relations Officer in the state, Victor Isuzu, disclosed this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria in Maiduguri. Mr. Isuzu said that the measure became imperative to enhance security network in Maiduguri and other communities liberated from the insurgents. He explained that the command had taken proactive steps to deal with security threats, protect lives and property in the state. He said that the personnel had already resumed duty in their various posts.",9
9296,"There is significant seasonal variation in the prevalence of child wasting in the agropastoral and agricultural livelihood zones of Maradi and Zinder, Niger. The average prevalence of wasting across all four study areas increased from 9.1 percent during the post-harvest season to 14.3 percent during the lean season. The variation was particularly pronounced in the agropastoral livelihood zone.  Although there were no marked differences in the prevalence of child stunting by region, livelihood zone or season, the average prevalence at both time points exceeded 60 percent. Such levels are alarmingly high and call for intensified efforts to prevent chronic undernutrition. Household food insecurity, as defined by the Household Food Insecurity Access Scale or Food Consumption Score, was not independently associated with the odds of being wasted or becoming wasted. In a typical year, the prevalence of child wasting is a poor indicator of the household food security situation. High levels of wasting do not automatically imply a food security crisis. Child morbidity was a consistent risk factor for wasting, reiterating the importance of the infection-undernutrition cycle. Services to treat and prevent child morbidity and acute malnutrition are critical. It may be most effective to design and target strategies according to the child’s age and livelihood zone.",3
7590,As total of 58 cholera cases have been confirmed by laboratory testing. ,4
9044,People living in Blue Nile areas administered by SPLM-N (Sudan People’s Liberation Movement-North) have consistently suffered severe food shortages because the Government of Sudan denies access by aid organisations. Their problems have recently been exacerbated by internal fighting within SPLM-N and by severe flooding.,3
2914,All refugees identified education as a primary need for their children.,2
574,"Her house had been looted and left in disarray, and its bullet-riddled walls were barely standing in Basak Malotlot, a district that absorbed some of the heaviest fighting after Islamic State-linked gunmen went on a rampage in May. This week, the Philippine government declared the five-month siege by the militants over.Hassan went to the abandoned residential area, accompanied by some neighbors who were told by soldiers not to enter their homes and, instead, view them from the outside. They disobeyed the orders and stormed into their own homes, hoping against hope at salvaging whatever they could as they began the long rebuilding process.An old man, who declined to be identified for security reasons, told BenarNews that their village was not a stronghold of the enemy. He said the military had taken over the entire neighborhood as the fighting dragged on. “People of the world, this shows how our government is bad. Our apartment was torched and everything was stolen,” said the man, who had saved up while working in the oil fields of the Middle East for three decades. Footage apparently shot by a military drone also showed armed men aboard a truck allegedly ransacking one of the homes located on the frontline. But some residents had been skeptical, and even accused troops of pillaging homes.",7
11466,"The part of East Jebel Marra that lies in South Darfur has witnessed more than 28 cases of abductions, including eight cases in which people are still held hostage. The cases include two children, in an abduction that came in response to livestock theft which the owners failed to restore.",9
9832,"The UN Children’s Fund (UNICEF) projects that 142,000 children ages five years and younger will experience severe acute malnutrition (SAM) in 2017, of whom approximately 21,300 children—15 percent—are expected to develop complications. During the first half of 2017, nutrition actors admitted approximately 36,000 SAM cases for treatment. USAID/FFP partner UNICEF is supporting more than 1,300 health facilities in Mali with health supplies to prevent and treat malnutrition, including medicines, nutrition measurement tools, ready-to-use therapeutic food, and training for health care workers",8
84,"An estimated 17 million people, 60 per cent of the Yemeni population are food insecure, with 6.8 million severely food insecure, necessitating urgent humanitarian assistance to save lives and protect livelihoods.",3
1263,"A cholera outbreak was reported in Uvinza district (adjacent to refugee hosting districts) since October, with more than 100 people affected. UNICEF is working closely with the local government through the Regional Community Health Management Team in Uvinza to enhance cholera prevention and response including hygiene promotion and strengthening surveillance. UNICEF has also deployed medical supplies in support of case management. Cholera sensitization in all refugee zones is ongoing through household and community meetings.",4
7554,"? The total estimated number of people in need of health assistance include 1,200,000 (refugees and host population). ? Crowded living conditions with lack of adequate water and sanitation (WASH) continue to present risks of communicable disease outbreaks. ? There is a high level of contamination of water, both at the water source and even more at household level, with poor household hygiene practices reported. Scaling up the WASH interventions is ongoing, and is a major priority. ? The EWARS Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Bulletin (MMWB) revealed the following: o Of the 96,714 consultations for diseases under surveillance (period 25 August-21 October 2017), the largest burden (32%) were for acute respiratory infections. o Significant burden of unexplained fever (26%), acute watery diarrhea (20%), skin diseases (9%) were also seen. o A total of 104 deaths (43 of which children under five) have been reported through EWARS. o Many deaths (33%) are attributed to acute respiratory infections. ",4
5244,"? In February, the health sector was on the brink of collapse as fuel for generators was rapidly depleting. The MoH implemented strict contingency measures, including the partial closure of three hospitals and reduction of services in 23 primary healthcare clinics. By the end of February, donations from the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and Qatar for fuel, helped to restore some of the services, but the donations will only be enough for a period of up to 6 months, maximum until August. ? In February, out of the 516 essential drugs, a total of 42% were completely depleted. This includes drugs used in emergency departments and other critical units. Out of the 853 essential disposables, 23% were completely depleted.",4
6248,"Many IDPs in Baghdad are unable to return to areas of origin due to the protection situation including tribal conflicts and presence of armed groups, contamination with explosive hazards, as well as damage to properties and critical infrastructure. Forced evictions and relocations from camps within Baghdad’s city limits have led to fear and uncertainty among IDP families, and serious concerns for the safety and welfare of the evicted families.",9
6840,"Protection: The lack of personnel at the Office of the Registrar has significantly delayed the issuing of birth certificates in Biringi and Meri. UNHCR is following up with the National Refugee Commission to ensure prompt registration and issuance of birth certificates for all. Shelter: Over 3,400 additional shelters are needed for the refugees currently living in the overcrowded transit hangars or with host families in and around Meri site. Over 400 additional shelters are needed at Biringi site in order to provide shelter to each household. Education: Education remains a major gap. Parents are reluctant to enrol their children due to the French school system, and there are insufficient numbers of classrooms, materials and uniforms",10
2572,"They decided to cross as it was getting harder to leave their duty stations for the month they needed to be on their farms for harvest time, and because the government recently introduced a new tax on each head of livestock.",9
2460,"The cumulative number of internally displaced persons (IDPs) has reached more than400,000 people1 since military operations to retake the city of Mosul began on 17October 2016. Just over 20% have since returned to their areas of origin, mostly in andaround east Mosul. Most families from Mosul still in displacement today are from west Mosuland fled less than two months ago, after military operations to retake the west bank of thecity started on 19 February 2017. ",9
8243,"Overall, DFSNs anticipate that the food security situation will deteriorate during the period of mid-November 2016 to mid-March 2017. Because winter crops (wheat and barley) will only be harvested in April-May households may experience a transitory food gap during the months of February to April as household stocks of paddy will have been depleted by then. DFSNs forecasted that during mid-November 2016 to mid-March 2017 no VDCs are likely to be classified as severely food insecure (Phase 4); the number of VDCs likely to be classified as highly food insecure (Phase 3) will increase to 46 (from 31 currently); and the number of VDCs likely to be classified as moderately food insecure (Phase 2) will also increase to 179 (from 175 currently). ",3
10754,"Besides the urgent need for more land, the UNHCR says existing camp facilities must be upgraded, including construction of more homes, schools, health centers and better drainage systems to lessen the risk of disease.",2
6877,- Measles - outbrakes 122 (confrimed 57) -Total cases 2341  - Deaths 62 ,4
3455,"In the context of a massive rise in Palestinian fatalities and injuries since 30 March, the humanitarian response in Gaza is focused on providing immediate life-saving healthcare, mental health and psycho-social support for affected people, especially children, and monitoring, verifying and documenting possible protection violations. These new needs occur in the context of a pre-existing humanitarian and human rights catastrophe caused by nearly 11 years of Israeli blockade, alongside internal Palestinian political divide and a chronic energy crisis that leaves Gaza's two million inhabitants with power cuts of up to 22 hours per day, on average, and severely disrupts the provision of essential services.",4
11142,"A UOSSM Primary Health Care Center in Misraba and a UOSSM office in Hammouria, were hit under a wave of attacks on hospitals, buildings and 'anything standing' in eastern Ghouta in the past 24 hours. No casualties were reported as all medical centers in the area were shut down due to heavy shelling and airstrikes. The bombardment has caused most of the inhabitants of the areas to be displaced into other parts of the city. An area doctor who chose to remain unnamed said, 'Hammouria is under massive attacks causing a state of mass hysteria as every building is being bombed one by one, wiping out the entire area. The area has turned into a ghost town as everyone in the area has been displaced and all medical facilities were attacked.'",4
10579,"As the rental costs for displaced families and repairs costs for the returnees have been identified as a severe burden, assistance provided in-cash has been prioritized when the financial system allowed. In-kind assistance was released in emergency situations when markets were not functioning",10
11638,"NCDC INTENSIFIES RESPONSE TO THE LASSA FEVER OUTBREAK Wednesday, February 28, 2018 The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has intensified its response to the Lassa Fever outbreak as the number of confirmed Lassa Fever cases from January 1 this year rose to 317 as at the 25th of February 2018, crossing the total number of confirmed cases recorded in 2017. Three states in Nigeria; Edo, Ondo and Ebonyi State carry 85% of the burden of Lassa fever cases currently.    Given the unprecedented outbreak, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control has raised the activation of its Emergency Operations Centre to its highest possible level. With this escalation, all the resources available to the agency will be focused primarily on controlling this outbreak. The World Health Organisation and other partners are also mobilising resources to support activities of the Centre and the States most affected.    The Honourable Minister of Health, Professor Isaac Adewole in the recently held Emergency Council of Health meeting in Abuja called on all States in Nigeria to escalate their response activities. Given the present circumstances, he requested that each State urgently invest resources in protecting the health of residents of their States by carrying out risk communication activities to inform residents on simple measures to prevent infection, and what to do when they become ill. Healthcare workers across the country have also been re-educated on Lassa fever, especially in recognising early symptoms to ensure rapid referral for appropriate care and on the use of universal precautions to protect themselves and their patients.  ",4
8024,"The protection needs/risks include: civilian death or injury; freedom of movement; civil status documents; psychological trauma; inability to meet protection-specific needs; displacement-related rights and availability of humanitarian assistance; GBV i.e. sexual & domestic violence, forced marriages, denial of resources, psychological abuse; grave child rights violations i.e. children killed or maimed, exposure to landmines, recruitment & use of children as soldiers, attacks against schools & hospitals; separation from families, child trafficking & psychological distress.",9
5797,"220 cases of dengue, 50 cases of chikungunya, and 25 cases of zika in first two weeks in Honduras with no deaths.",4
228,"According to data from the Acosta Municipal Emergency Commission, the storm most severely affected the canton of Acosta, which suffered flooding, the destruction of public roads, bridge collapses and landslides in the highlands; additionally, the storm destroyed houses and damaged to the Costa Rican Institute of Aqueducts and Sewers and Rural Aqueducts (ASADAS)’s distribution system; three aqueducts are still out of service",11
2385,"The embargo has also hindered vital coal shipments to power stations and industrial plants in government-held areas, adding strains to a Ukrainian economy already struggling with the effects of the war",6
6715,"• The education and health facilities present in the area (2 primary schools and 1 PHCC) are not sufcient for the current population , especially considering the continued volume of returns. The majority of the boreholes are inoperational and require rehabilitation.",4
9916,UN agencies and international aid groups are working with the Central Darfur authorities to rehabilitate local health and education facilities and provide humanitarian assistance to civilians who returned to Golo town in Jebel Marra. ,4
7969,"The Greater Maputo Metropolitan Area (Maputo and Matola cities, and Boane district) is now in its fourth day of severe water restrictions. The Maputo Regional Water Company (AdeM) is pumping water to each neighbourhood on alternate days. Thus a neighbourhood that received water on Thursday will not receive it on Friday. ",11
5534,". In September last year Radio Dabanga received the first reports about cholera cases, in Blue Nile state. Since then, the disease spread in eastern Sudan, and later to the Northern State and central Sudan’s El Gezira. In April, sources in White Nile state reported a rapid spread of cholera. The disease then spread to North Kordofan, and fully hit Khartoum in May.White Nile state is probably the most affected state until now. OCHA reported that Governor Abdelhameed Kasha led a High Acute Watery Diarrhoea (AWD) Containment Committee Meeting in El Duweim locality on 2 June. The meeting, attended by representatives of the state and the federal Health Ministries, WHO, the UN Children’s Fund (Unicef), other partners, and community-based organisations, discussed the current situation in all White Nile localities.",4
3208,"“In Kamphaeng Pet, the worst affected province, 800 houses were damaged. Meanwhile, 2,000 families in Uttaradit province were urged to evacuate to safer places due to the situation. In total, 853 houses were reportedly affected in province of Kamphaeng Pet, Uttaradit, Chiang Mai, Phitsanulok, Lampang, Loei and Udon Thani.” ",10
5927,"Households led by women are more likely to report a higher use of extreme negative coping strategies than those led by men: in April, 57 percent of households headed by women reported borrowing food compared to 38 percent those led by men. Moreover, 72 percent of households led by women said they were buying food on credit during this round compared to 49 percent of households led by men.",3
10849,"An estimated 1.7 million people, including some 434,000 internally displaced people (IDPs), have been affected by the violence in the five provinces that make up the greater Kasai region, according to a report by OCHA. The majority of IDPs have taken refuge in remote fields or are living with communities.Medicine, food, shelter and non-food items are among the most pressing needs.",7
4179,"While much progress has been made to remove the majority of the cluster munition problem to date, approximately 17 million square meters of contaminated land remains to be cleared.The majority of the mines were laid by the Israeli Defense Forces (IDF) on the Lebanese side of the border before Israel withdrew its occupation forces in May 2000. There has been increasing pressure on the authorities from the communities living next to the North Echo road, along the Blue Line, to remove the landmines in order to access the predominantly agricultural land south of the Echo road.",9
11449,"Available statistics demonstrate that in February, 321,243 MT of food were commercially imported in Yemen, a 41% decrease compared to January 2017. Specifically, February saw a 34% decrease of food commodities imported through the Port of Hodeidah, a 44% decrease through Saleef and a 50% through Aden. Prices of essential food items continued to rise further in February 2017",6
7784,"Several towns across Kenya, including the capital Nairobi, are facing an acute water shortage following a prolonged dry spell in the East African nation. While Kenya has been facing water supply challenges, especially in Nairobi, where residents for years have had water rationed, the dry spell has worsened the situation as the crisis spread to towns that never had the problem.Some of the residents in the towns have not received water through their taps for months, and resort to buying from vendors at exorbitant prices.The East African nation has experienced the erratic rains for the past three years due to the effects of climate change that have not only affected water supply but also food production.'Water is scarce in Nakuru and the surrounding areas. You have to buy at a high price from vendors who are doing a booming business yet you are not even assured of the quality and the source,' said resident Steven Kamau on Monday.",11
10018,"16 additional cases were reported. State RRT arrived at Guworam settlement in Guzamala LGA to augment the ongoing activities in the settlement. Active case search continued in the settlement. No new cases found. No death reported. Dikwa, Mafa and MMC LGAs reported zero cases.Total number of suspected cholera cases and deaths reported since the inception of the outbreak in the state is 5,071 and 61 respectively (CFR = 1.2%). From the different LGAs, 2,587 cases have been reported from the Muna corridor (Jere LGA), 1,704 cases from Monguno LGA and 736 cases from Dikwa LGA. The cases reported from MMC and Mafa LGAs stands at 38 and 6 respectively. Out of the 255 samples tested using RDTs, 209 (82%) were positive while 117 (67%) of 174 samples cultured were positive.A total of 16 suspected cholera cases were reported in Borno state on 21st October 2017, a marginal decrease in the number reported compared to the previous day. (Fig 2). The number of cases reported in Jere was 7, two less than the previous day while Monguno reported two cases more than was reported on the previous day. Dikwa has continued to report zero cases in the presence of active community surveillance in the LGA. (Fig. 4).",4
10517,"Adequate rainfall and an improved 2016 harvest have improved food security conditions overall in CAR, according to the UN Food and Agricultural Organization. However, FEWS NET reports that ongoing population displacement and limited access to fields may result in below-average agricultural production in CAR’s main harvesting season from July 2017 to January 2018. In addition, FEWS NET anticipates that Crisis levels of food insecurity will persist until at least January 2018 for vulnerable populations, including low-income, displaced, returnee, and host community, and that these people will require urgent humanitarian assistance to meet basic needs",3
4967,"Acute Watery Diarrhoea (AWD) cases in Sudan have come down during the past weeks following more than a year of intensive efforts by the Federal Ministry of Health (FMoH), the World Health Organization (WHO), the UN Children’s Agency (UNICEF) and other health partners to mitigate the outbreak. However, to stop the spread of AWD completely, the response must continue until no cases are reported for three consecutive weeks nationwide.   Only 78 new cases and two related deaths were reported from 8 to 14 October, down from a peak of nearly 2,000 new cases at the end of June 2017. Eight states reported active case transmissions and the only state reporting two AWD-related deaths was South Kordofan. Meanwhile, the FMoH continued to lead an active scale-up of interventions to ensure a final stop to the spread of AWD.",4
572,"The daily share of drinking water in Idleb City is less than 50 liters per capita. ? Water is considered expensive in Idleb City, with the average cost of 600 SYP per cubic meter. ? According to laboratory reports issued by Idleb Water Directorate, all drinking water in Idleb City is potable. ? 35% of water in Idleb City is delivered through the main water network, while 65% is delivered by water tanks. ? 75% of the regular sewage network, the predominant sewage system in Idleb City, is operational, while 25% of the network has been damaged by bombardment. ? All waste disposal sites are located outside of Idleb City center.",11
6699,"He said that more than 100 incidents targeting humanitarian workers had been reported thus far this year, and four of them had been killed.",9
3185,"The video shows how security forces returned to Baghlan’s capital city, Pul-e-Khumri, after reportedly failing to arrest the perpetrators of the attack on coalminers due to the presence and activity of the Taliban in the district.",9
8930,"Over 2.7 million people will face Crisis or Emergency (IPC Phases 3 and 4)1 between now and June 2018. This represents improvement in the overall food security situation in Somalia compared to the 3.2 million people projected to be in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) or worse between April and December 2017. Through June 2018, an additional 2.7 million people are classified as Stressed (IPC Phase 2). In total, 5.4 million people across Somalia face acute food insecurity. ",3
5883,"Rather than shut their border, the Costa Rican government has developed a system to register and control the flow of migrants, while building shelters and providing food to those stopped at the northern border. Though most migrants eventually find a way to move north, many remain in Costa Rica for months. While Costa Rica has received some donations aid from the U.S. to offset these costs, its resources are being stretched thin.",1
7099,"The impact that floods pose on the affected communities when bridges have been washed away mainly include hindering people of the affected community from accessing amenities such as schools, health care centres, markets .When people's crops have been damaged by floods, food security is affected.  Experts have said that floods wipe out food crops and wash away faecal matter from sanitation facilities into drinking water sources.",3
6172,"WHO has activated Grade 2 emergency response to an outbreak of necrotizing cellulitis - an acute skin infection - that has affected 1,331 people since September 2016. Grade 2 emergency entails moderate operational response primarily in the form of technical assistance and deployment of a multidisciplinary team. No deaths directly attributable to the outbreak have been reported so far. Its cause and mode of transmission remain unknown. ",4
9102,Fighting in the Al-Barada valley has displaced thousands within the district and into Rural Damascus. These clashes have compromised the water supply to the capital and many other cities for over a month now.,11
3067,"IDP sites in many locations, particularly Baidoa, Gaalkayo and Afgooye, remain overcrowded and under regulated, exposing women and girls specifically to considerable GBV related risks. Further, a lack of adequate interventions, including in education, livelihoods, and protection, results in child protection concerns. Notably, in the past three months considerable and worrying upsurge in abductions and recruitment of children (boys and girls) has been observed.",9
10102," As floodwaters begin to retreat in many of the worst-affected parts of South Asia, farmers are counting the massive cost of the flooding disaster, which has destroyed more than 5.9 million acres of cropland across India, Bangladesh and Nepal.",0
638,"Approximately 388 000 acutely malnourished children need urgent treatment and nutrition support, including 87 000 who are severely malnourished. Over 3.1 million people in Crisis and Emergency (IPC Phases 3 & 4) urgently need scaled up, sustained and integrated life-saving humanitarian assistance and livelihood protection support in order to prevent further food security deterioration. Livelihood protection and support is needed for nearly 3.1 million additional people who are Stressed (IPC Phase 2).",3
341,"The governor of the province with the highest child mortality in Colombia was arrested for embezzling funds meant to curb this child mortality rate.Oneida Pinto, the sacked governor of the northern Guajira province was arrested on Wednesday in the capital Bogota on charges she embezzled $6.2 million in medical funds in one of the most heart-breaking corruption cases in recent history.Using the $6.2 million that had been set aside to reduce infant mortality rates, Pinto falsified documents and subcontracted 1,600 underqualified people to carry out work on the contract, for example giving talks in indigenous communities about how to avoid malnutrition and visiting pregnant mothers to talk about preventing starvation.The Guajira peninsula, a desert area, has been plagued by malnutrition among children largely due to drought, systematic corruption in government, and the excessive use of water by the nearby Cerrejon coal mine.",8
10364,"Boro crops on almost 22,000 acres have been inundated just days before the harvesting, said the local agriculture department's local office",0
2945,"While many displaced families have begun to return to their homes, 20,888 families remain displaced and in 18 sites across five districts there are more than 5,000 people living in temporary settlements. There are still large unmet humanitarian requirements across all sectors. For example, access to basic and comprehensive reproductive health (RH) services including safe delivery and anti-and post-natal care remains a challenge in flood-affected areas.",4
278,"• The number of alerts have continued to decline in the week with the last alert that met case definition being reported on 25th January 2018. Three alerts were reported from 26th Jan to 27th Jan 2018 but they all did not meet the case definition. From 28th Jan 2018 to date, there have been no new alerts from all the areas under surveillance.",4
1582,"The organization contracts a combination of 50 public and private hospitals in Lebanon to care for Syrian refugees. But, as in Walaa’s case, even contracted hospitals sometimes turn away refugee patients: complex emergencies, including premature births, can quickly hit the UNHCR’s $10,000 coverage ceiling per case. Private hospitals, which are more expensive, have more leeway to reject patients at the door.Meanwhile, public hospitals, which comprise just a tiny percentage of hospital beds in Lebanon, have accumulated a $15 million deficit since the Syrian crisis began in 2011, according to the Ministry of Health, partly from Lebanese and refugee patients who are unable to pay their portion of the bill.",4
3097,"Approximately one million people in Greater Accra, Eastern, Central and Western Regions of Ghana affected by floods.The floods have caused devastating impact to people’s health, safety and destruction to properties and livelihood. The reported flooding across the country is likely to cause devastation that communities and government is unable to cope and or even recover from it as farmers are losing their investments in production, communities are helplessly being displaced and infrastructure such as roads and buildings are collapsing. According to the Ghana Meteorological Agency the country will experience torrential rains’ year at least until September 2017",5
2452,"While the number of cholera cases and deaths has decreased since the 2010 outbreak, 35,203 cases and 369 deaths were registered from January to October 2016, countrywide. This represents a 32 and 56 per cent increase, respectively, in comparison to the same period in 2015. Due to Hurricane Matthew, the number of suspected cholera cases increased, in particular in the most affected departments. People’s low access to safe water and sanitation keeps them highly vulnerable to cholera. ",4
8776,"For residents, however, the presence of the armed forces and police have caused tension. They say police officers have searched houses indiscriminately and in some communities a curfew has been established. Last week more than 21,000 school children remained at home while security forces roamed through eight favela communities looking for criminals. In the community of Jacarezinho,Rio’s Municipal Education Secretary, Cesar Benjamin, said the schools would remain closed for ‘indeterminate’ period of time due to police presence.",2
9901,"But as the first anniversary approaches of the December 1 election that would eventually spell regime change for Banjul, AFP has learnt that a dozen soldiers are currently being held in Gambian detention far beyond the remit of the constitution, in some cases for months. An official within the military who wished to remain anonymous confirmed to AFP a dozen soldiers were being held. The men’s prolonged detention is inextricably linked with suspicions of sedition and covert support for Jammeh from a faction of the army and intelligence services, but rights groups say the military figures are not exempt from the constitutional right to be charged within 72 hours. ",9
547,"• Despite improved delivery of emergency humanitarian assistance in many parts of Somalia, the food security situation and nutrition continue to deteriorate rapidly. A combination of severe food insecurity, high acute malnutrition, and high disease burden continues to plague millions. (FSNAU/ FEWS NET, 29th May 2017). • Over 6.7 million people, more than half of the population of Somalia, are in need of protection and humanitarian assistance. Of these, 3.2 million people are in crisis and emergency phase and 3.5 million are in stress phase. It is estimated that more than 1.5 million women of child-bearing age are in need urgent care. Of these, 130,000 are pregnant.",3
9956,"The food insecurity is due mainly to climatic shocks (droughts, floods), security factors (insecurity and population movement’s in the north and center parts of the country), economic factors (prices rising and economic vulnerability) and farming and livestockproduction methods (animal damage, diseases and pests). (WFP Mali, ENSAN September 2017)",3
10081,"Terms of Trade (ToT) between daily labor wage and cereals remained relatively stable or changed mildly (by 1-2kg of cereals/daily labor wage) in most regions of the country month-on-month in October 2017. Annual comparison indicates lower ToT between daily labor and cereals in most regions due to declines in labor wages and/or increase in cereal prices; exception is Middle Juba where ToT increased by 6kg per daily wage due to decrease in cereal prices and increase in labor wage. The ToT between local quality goat and cereals mostly increased in most regions of the country month-on-month due to declines in cereal prices and/or increases in goat prices. Compared to a year ago (October 2016), the ToT between goat and cereals were higher in most regions of the country. Exceptions are Sorghum Belt regions, Central and Middle Shabelle regions where ToT declined compared to a year ago due to higher cereal prices and lower goat prices this year.",3
10389,"Cereal imports forecast to sharply decline in 2017/18 marketing year  Cereal imports in the 2017/18 marketing year (September/August) are forecast to decline sharply from the high levels of the previous years when outputs were reduced by drought. The decline is being driven by ample cereal supplies, particularly of maize, due to the bumper 2016 crop. Imports may decline further for 2017/18 if crop yields for the current crop result as high as forecasted.",3
8723,"Many have no access to food or water and are in open air spaces. Weather conditions in recent weeks have seen temperatures drop, as well as increased rain. An estimated 20 percent of the group is women, including pregnant women, and children. It is believed that most migrants and refugees originated from countries in the Sahel.",10
3924,"An estimated two million people remain internally displaced in South Sudan, many of whom have been displaced more than once. In Upper Nile in May, fighting between Government forces and armed opposition in Manyo and Fashoda displaced many from Tonga and Wau Shilluk to Aburoc. In Manyo, an estimated 30,000 people were recently displaced and reportedly lost all assets while fleeing. Armed clashes have also recently displaced people and disrupted livelihood activities in Panyikang, Fashoda, and parts of Renk. In Western Bahr el Ghazal, localized insecurity and clashes are limiting movement to engage in normal livelihood activities and the recovery of the Wau market. In Jonglei, armed clashes in Uror in mid-February displaced an estimated 50,000-70,000 people to Pierri, parts of Motot, and Waat. In Aweil East of Northern Bahr el Ghazal, a state previously relatively free of conflict, an armed group staged an attack in June that disrupted trade flows to Warawar and Wanjok markets.",3
5950,"In 2015, there were a total of 42,913 cases of dengue fever in Myanmar, resulting in 140 deaths, But 2016 saw these figures drop to just 10,770 cases and 58 deaths, evidence that possibly eradication and educational efforts were working.    But this year, there is evidence that further work is needed.",4
6776,"The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL/Da’esh) had been identified as responsible for the use of sulfur mustard at Umm Hawsh, and Syria as accountable for the use of sarin at Khan Shaykhun, Edmond Mulet, Head of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW)?United Nations Joint Investigative Mechanism, told the Security Council this afternoon.",9
339,"Following an outbreak in late 2016, Burkina Faso experienced sporadic cases of dengue fever at the beginning of the year until week 10 of 2017, when cases eventually ceased. However, from week 31 (week ending 6 August 2017), there has been a dramatic increase in the incidence of dengue fever in the country, especially around the districts of Ouagadougou, the capital city. On 28 September 2017, the Ministry of Health formally declared the outbreak. During week 40 (week ending 8 October 2017), 525 suspected cases including two deaths (case fatality rate 0.4%) were reported. Of these, 329 cases were classified as probable. The majority of the new suspected cases were from Bogodogo (276) and Nogr-massom (115) districts, respectively.Between 1 January and 8 October 2017, a cumulative total of 2 298 (suspected, probable and confirmed) cases and nine deaths (case fatality rate 0.4%) were reported across the country. Of these, 1 514 (65.8%) were classified as probable cases after testing positive on rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs). Out of 205 samples referred to the national viral haemorrhagic fever (VHF) laboratory at the Center Muraz, 110 (54%) were positive on polymerase chain reaction (PCR). Further characterisation of 72 samples identified three serotypes of dengue virus (DENV): DENV-2 (80.6%), DENV-3 (16.7%) and DENV-1 (2.8%). Cases are currently reported in 12 of the 13 health zones in the country, with 77.8% of cases reported in the central region, particularly the city of Ouagadougou.This outbreak of dengue fever in Burkina Faso is occurring in the context of an improved but still limited dengue surveillance system, as many public health facilities do not have access to dengue fever RDTs. The weekly case incidence has been on the rise since the detection of the outbreak in week 31, and is likely underestimated due to under-reporting from private clinics and health centres in peripheral zones. The existence of breeding sites after the rainy season may favour the proliferation of mosquitoes such Aedes aegypti (the principal mosquito vector of dengue viruses). In Burkina Faso, the peripheral districts of cities are characterized by poor sanitation and the accumulation of rubbish dump sites, tyres and used containers, which provide productive breeding sites for the dengue mosquito vectors",4
9695,"A nutrition survey was conducted during October/November 2017 by members of the Nutrition Sector in Kutupalong and Nayapara refugee camps, as well as makeshift camps (including Kutupalong expansions and the new settlements). Preliminary results indicate a prevalence of global acute malnutrition (GAM) among all children of 6-59 months (measured through weight-for-height) ranging from 14.3 to 24.3 percent and thus exceeding the WHO emergency threshold of 15 percent in two out of three areas covered. Surprisingly, prevalence of GAM is highest in the Kutupalong Registered Camp where most of the old registered refugees live, which can be partially explained by the high presence of new arrivals at the time of the assessment.",4
4841,"More than 135,000 people are already feared to have contracted the water-borne disease, as the country grapples with the ongoing conflict, which has led to the deterioration of water and sanitation infrastructure in Yemen. WHO figures show that more than 950 people have already died, and officials fear an extremely high death toll as the outbreak continues to spread. ",4
2097,"The Southeast of Madagascar (Livelihood Zone 19), that is already chronically vulnerable to food insecurity and poverty, was affected consecutively by multiple hazards this year: severe dryness since the end of 2016 and then floods following Cyclone Enawo in March 2017. This negatively impacted household livelihoods and crop production and lead to a current situation of Stressed (IPC Phase 2) acute food insecurity, in a month when the main harvest is taking place. In addition, the district of Vangaindrano was affected by a tornado in May, which damaged many fruit and clove trees. The situation in the far South (particularly Livelihood Zone 24) has improved compared to last year but remains in Stressed (IPC Phase 2) in June 2017. Many households have made some recovered from the past three years of consecutive drought, and although the weather conditions were favorable for agriculture, farmers could not fully plant because of lack of agricultural inputs that were depleted during the years of drought. Thus, staple production is higher than last year but remains below average. In cyclone affected areas, people have recovered from the effects of Cyclone Enawo, particularly with the help of humanitarian assistance. These areas have shifted into Minimal (IPC Phase 1) acute food insecurity although food supply is still below normal and prices remain high. ",3
1774,"Djibouti currently hosts about 20,000 refugees from Yemen, Somalia, Ethiopia, and Eritrea, who are dependent on humanitarian assistance, mainly from WFP and UNHCR, and they remain in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) as they have few productive capacities. Drought conditions experienced in neighboring countries of Ethiopia and Somalia are likely to lead to refugee flows from these countries, increasing competition for limited income opportunities and humanitarian support. ",3
56,"'Everyone was subject to harsh labor and meals were so lacking that we ate raw locust, discarded cabbage leaves and skinned frogs and rats,' she said. 'People died withered and dehydrated from continuous diarrhea ... the dead bodies end up becoming food for the dogs.'",9
5725,"Greater Upper Nile: According to county level key informants, 36% of schools are closed, compared to 23% in the Equatorias and 15% in Bahr el Ghazal. Closures were mostly due to the high levels of insecurity. 63% of functional schools in Greater Upper Nile have faced at least one attack of some kind, compared to 25% in the Equatorias and 11% in Bahr el Ghazal. Likely due to the impact of the conflict, there was a significant drop in enrolment in Greater Upper Nile unlike in other parts of the country: 180,000 fewer students were enrolled in 2016 compared to 2013. Prior to the conflict, access to education in Greater Upper Nile was already dire. During the rainy season 80% of schools are only accessible by foot, this is almost double the percentage of those only accessible by foot during the dry season. ",2
6386,"While the loss of maize crops to this infestation must be addressed, it is important to consider whether the country's reliance on maize has contributed to the pest attack.",0
11750,"More than 16,400 new arrivals have sought shelter at the protection of civilians (PoC) site adjacent to the UN Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) base, bringing the site’s total population to 41,700. Already the most crowded PoC site in South Sudan, the new arrivals have occupied the food distribution area and built shelters along drainage and near latrines.",3
1814,"The Dollo Somali region of Ethiopia borders Somalia and Kenya. Due to its proximity to the Somali border, it has received refugees who fled Somalia due to war related persecution during 2009 and 2010 while refugees due to drought related reasons crossed into Ethiopia during 2012 and 2013. The state of Ethiopia is signatory to the 1951 UN convention. The state department ARRA and UNHCR Sub Office in Melkadida undertakes joint registration of refugees in the Dollo region. There are five camps in the region namely Melkadida, Buramino, Hilaweyn, Kobe and Bokolmayo, as shown in the Fig 1.   Fig. 1   The combined registered population of all the camps is 210,930 individuals (98,248 M and 112,682 F) comprising 39,123 households. The main areas of origin for these refugees include Gedo, Bay and Bakol. Majority of the refugees are Muslims of Sunni denomination.   ARRA, UNHCR and partners are providing basic needs and services to the refugees living in camps since their onset. In order to plan for different sectoral interventions and also use consultative approach for prioritization of interventions, ARRA, UNHCR and partners undertake annual   8    consultations through PA. These discussions provide qualitative information such as issues concerning refugees, their perspectives and suggestions. In 2016, PA was conducted with the support of 17 organizations. In order to complement the findings of the PA, the quantitative data from different assessments such as education assessment2, HIS3 (Health Information System) and other sources such as registration data by UNHCR, return intention survey data were also used for the purposes of analysis in this report.  ",10
9322,"Water pollution in Lebanon reaching dangerous levels.But the main reason for water pollution in Lebanon is the untreated sewage. “In the last 20 years, the Lebanese government spent more than $1.5 billion in loans to put in place a water sanitation system,” ",4
1448,"As of 9 April 2017, 1,339 cases of acute jaundice syndrome including 15 deaths (case fatality rate of 1.1%) were reported since onset of the outbreak in August 2016. Of the 15 reported deaths, 4 occurred among pregnant women. Overall, 99 cases of acute jaundice syndrome tested positive for hepatitis E virus: 66 in a laboratory in Amsterdam affiliated to MSF and 33 cases from the Institut Pasteur in Yaoundé. The outbreak is still localized to Amtiman and Aboudeïa districts.",4
10362,"In Camagüey province, severe impacts on the agricultural sector have been recorded, especially damages of major crops and plantations, destruction of several poultry farms and other productive units. According to estimates, Minas Nuevitas, Sierra de Cubitas, San Miguel, Camalote and Esmeralda are among the most affected municipalities. ? Severe damages are predicted for the provinces of Ciego de Avíla, Sancti Spíritus and Villa Clara. National authorities are quantifying the extent of damages. ? General reports have been issued on crop impacts in Maisí (Guantánamo province) and other sources reveal that plantain and tubers have razed to the ground in Baracoa.In Holguín province, the most affected areas are Antilla, Banes, Gibara and Rafael Freyre, where damages to sugar cane and plantain crops have been reported.",0
5706,"The suspension of salaries for nearly 73 per cent of teachers in 13 governorates in Yemen,12 is now affecting around 4.5 million students (78 per cent of all students in the country). In some schools, classes have been reduced due to teacher’s absenteeism. Teachers are unable to afford rent, food and other expenses, their families are risking food insecurity. As of April 2017, 1,279 schools remain partially damaged, 232 totally damaged, 694 closed (355 due to damage and 339 due to security reasons), 150 schools are still being used as shelters for IDPs, and 23 schools are occupied by armed groups. In total, 659 schools were vacated from IDPs and armed groups. Rehabilitation works in 109 schools are in progress and are expected to be completed by June 2017.",2
1634,"The hygiene and sanitation conditions in the IDPs settlements remains poor with insufficient sanitation facilities and related open defecation. Several water points are dysfunctional due to over-use, forcing IDPs to buy water at prohibitive costs. Additional emergency latrines and garbage disposal pits in IDP camps need to be built and there is a need to continuously disludge existing pit latrines. With the upcoming Deyr rainfall season rehabilitation of WASH facilities (water points and latrines) remains very critical. The facilities require reinforcement to avoid breakages that would lead to water contamination in flood prone areas and an upsurge of AWD/Cholera cases.",11
2499,"The seasonal heavy continuous rains in the Malaysia since 23rd January 2017 have caused flooding in six states, namely, Johor, Kelantan, Pahang, Perak, Selangor and Sabah. 4,207 families have been evacuated to evacuation centres. The worst hit states are Johor and Pahang where waters have rose up to 1.5 metres in certain areas. More rains are expected this weekend putting these states in risk over heavy flooding.",7
11826,"On Monday morning, a large fire broke out in El Neem camp for displaced people, north of Ed Daein in East Darfur. Reportedly more than 700 homes were destroyed, a basic school, as well as large quantities of crops.",10
419,"Over 65% of refugees between the ages of 3 to 24 are not currently accessing any education. Gender parity is almost reached at primary school level, but in secondary level 2/3 of all enrolled students are male.",2
1870,"Cholera has resurfaced in three health districts in the province of South Kivu, following three months without any reported cases. The areas of Uvira, Nundu and Fizi recorded 228 cases since 13 February, including one death in Fizi. Health and WASH actors are closely monitoring the outbreak and working on a response plan.  ",4
9383,"Around 1 million unvaccinated Venezuelan children are susceptible to measles, a highly contagious disease that has re-emerged in the crisis-stricken South American nation, a group of doctors estimated on Friday.A crippling shortage of medicines and vaccines, as well as decaying hospitals and an exodus of doctors has thrown Venezuela’s health sector into a tailspin.Amid the crisis, once-controlled diseases like diphtheria and measles have returned to the fore, putting Venezuela’s 30 million people at risk and raising the threat of contagion beyond its borders. Measles, caused by a virus usually passed through direct contact and the air, is a top cause of death for young children although a vaccine is available. The World Health Organization warns it can be especially lethal in countries that have suffered violent conflict and whose health infrastructure is deteriorated.",4
10381,"However, continued displacement due to conflict and related restrictions on livelihood activities will continue to drive Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes among displaced and other conflict-affected households",3
11442,"Sporadic suspect measles outbreaks continue to be reported countrywide with most of the transmission being reported from Mayom. During the week ending 31 March 2017, 46 measles cases were reported from Mayom, Yambio, Juba, Gogrial East, Gogrial West, Jubek, Torit Aweil Center, Tonj North and Wau POC. A cumulative of 475 measles cases including 4 deaths with case fatality rate (0.84% have been reported since the beginning of 2017. A countrywide measles follow up vaccination campaign targeting children 9 to 59 months is planned to start on 3 May 2017.",4
7639,"As at 12 March, 295,950 people are reported to have been affected, including 84,660 who are displaced. The number of deaths due to the storm has risen to 50 with 20 peoplemissing and 195 injured. The National Office for Disaster Risk and Management (BNGRC) and the Humanitarian Country Team (HCT) have activated the Multi-Hazard NationalContingency Plan 2016/2017.",7
6949,"Crisis (IPC Phase 3) acute food insecurity will persist in the Diffa region until September 2017. The persistent security crisis has severely reduced food and income access for poor households and has resulted in the displacement of many households that are now dependent on humanitarian aid. In some parts of the region, humanitarian access difficulties result in inadequate aid coverage and inadequate food availability that are likely to worsen nutritional outcomes over the coming months.",5
327,"UNICEF and partners have launched a diphtheria vaccination campaign, and are working to provide children and families with access to safe water and sanitation facilities, but overcrowding and the growing risk of extreme weather increase the risk of further outbreaks. ",10
8650,"The biggest risk is that violence becomes inter-communal and spreads. Rumours abound, while hardliners are increasingly vocal on social media.",9
6921,"With as little as one-quarter of expected rainfall received, widespread drought conditions in the Horn of Africa have intensified since the failure of the October-December rains, FAO said today.  FAO estimates that over 17 million people are currently in crisis and emergency food insecurity levels in member-countries of the Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD), namely Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan and Uganda, which are in need of urgent humanitarian assistance.",5
4440,"The United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) has been forced to reduce food rations for 320,000 refugees in Mtendeli, Nduta and Nyarugusu Camps in northwest Tanzania as a result of funding shortfalls. WFP urgently requires US$23.6 million from now through to December 2017 to be able to continue meeting the food and nutritional needs of refugees in Tanzania.",3
8525,"KARAMOJA ?? In February, the average retail prices for maize grain and beans were rela?vely stable, compared to January. The average price for sorghum was slightly higher by 8% with the highest increase observed in Moroto and Napak at 20% due to reduced supplies. Similarly price for beans increased in Napak by 20%. ?? Compare to 2017, maize grain, sorghum and beans average retail prices fell by 30%, 22% and 16% respec?vely, with significant reduc?ons seen in Nakapiripirit and Kaabong, due to the replenishment of stocks from the Sep?Oct harvest. ?? There were slight changes on the terms of trade for goats and daily labor wage rate against maize grain. The terms of trade for goats declined by 3%, while those for daily labor wage rate improved by 5%. ",3
2605,"Prices of millet and sorghum have been generally stable and similar to their year-earlier levels in recent months, reflecting good supplies from several consecutive years of above-average harvests. In Bamako, prices of sorghum in January 2017 were close to their levels in January 2016. Prices are expected to remain at low levels in the short term as a result of enhanced supplies from the new bumper harvest.  ",3
2334,"Egyptians have been hit with the worst inflation in a decade, cutting spending as much as possible as prices surge by over 30 percent on basic food items, transport, housing, and even some essential medicines.",11
356,"Urgent nutrition needs have been prioritized for children under 5 (including infants), with severe acute malnutrition (SAM) rates as high as three per cent recorded. ",8
11722,"The situation in eastern Ghouta in Rural Damascus Governorate remains highly volatile, and daily life of civilians is increasingly hampered by shelling, military clashes, the ongoing siege imposed by proGovernment forces and restrictions on their rights to freedom of expression, assembly and association.In the context of the implementation of “deescalation areas”, the Russian Ministry of Defence announced on 24 July it had deployed military checkpoints and observation points around eastern Ghouta to monitor the implementation of the ceasefire. This has led to a reduction in violence in some parts of eastern Ghouta, primarily those controlled by Jaish Al-Islam, and allowed for the delivery of humanitarian assistance.",10
10977," The  performance of the spring rains is expected to be  below normal while agro-pastoralist and pastoralist households have already largely lost their livelihoods due to previous droughts. Several zones  in the south of Southern Nations, Nationalities and Peoples' (SNNP), Oromia and  Somali regions are considered to be in Integrated Food Security Phase  Classification (IPC) phase 3 (crisis) or 4 (emergency).",3
5225,"Security concerns related to perceptions of safety in latrines were of particular concern in Salah al-Din, where 48% of sites reported that women and girls felt unsafe using latrines compared to the national figure of 11%. The percentages for men and boys were lower, with 27% of sites reporting that men and boys felt unsafe using latrines, compared to the national figure of 6%. Findings related to perception of insecurity in latrines and bathing places could be related to the lack of functioning lighting and adequate locking. Only 35% of sites in Salah al-Din reported that latrines were lockable from the inside, compared to the national figure of 67%. Similarly, 64% of sites in Salah al-Din reported that less than 25% of the latrines had functioning lighting. While the vast majority of sites (97%) reported that security incidents never occurred, in Erbil, Qaydissya and Salah al-Din the proportion of sites reporting the presence of security incidents was much higher – 25%, 14% and 11%, respectively. Women and girls were slightly more likely to experience security concerns in specific areas of the site than men and boys – 18% of sites reported that females felt unsafe compared to 15% of KIs reporting so for men in similar areas.",9
10407,"As a result of the cyclone, a number of water wells and water network in both Hadibo and Qalansiyah sustained limited damages. Loss of livestock has also been reported.",0
3201,Unfavourable production prospects for 2017 crops due to generalized decline in planted area as consequence of persisting civil insecurity,3
4807,"In Bidibidi and Imvepi, there is shortage of some essentials drugs and medical supplies. ",4
9803,"As the security situation in Derna escalated in the second half of May 2018, local population have been dis- placed to the sourrounding areas of Martuba, Shahat, Al Qubba, Soussa, Tobruk and Al Bayda.  Over the past 24 hours, another 115 households (~575 individuals) were reportedly displaced to Tobruk, Shahat, Al Qubba and Al Bayda, bringing the total number of displaced from Derna over the past two weeks to 540 families (~2,700 individuals). Reported priority needs in Martuba, Soussa and Al Qubba include food, NFIs and basic medical supplies. The humanitarian situation inside Derna remains critical. Population movements between the suburbs and the center of Derna, due to continued shelling, reportedly affected at least 500 families in May.",4
7783,"An estimated 2.5 to 3 million people will remain in need of emergency humanitarian assistance though the end 2017. Crisis (IPC Phase 3) and Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes are expected and in the event that there is significant interruption to current food assistance programs, prices rise sharply and household food access declines further, and an effective response to ongoing disease outbreaks is not implemented, Famine (IPC Phase 5) is possible.1 Of highest risk are agropastoral areas of Bay and Bakool. The post-Gu assessment is ongoing and an updated estimate based on new data will be available in August.",3
4468,"24 percent of displaced Syrians live in substandard buildings and 17 percent in informal settlements, with 12 percent of all displaced shelters ranked as being in dangerous condition.",10
9516,"The families built makeshift shelters using iron pillars, and covered them with blankets and plastic bags. There are no floors, leaving no protection from the dirt ground, which is wet and full of frost.",10
7480,"Burmese Rohingya refugees have been facing an acute water crisis in Nayapara official and unregistered Leda (Tal) camps recently, Hussain Ahamed, a refugee from Nayapara camp said. ",11
8152,"As a result, the long rains crop harvest, especially for maize, was largely below average, with production estimates of 2.6 million metric tons, which is about 10 percent below average. The long rains are key for crop production in these areas, accounting for close to 65 percent of total annual production. The poor short rains of 2016 have led to a substantial drop in production. According to the SDA, maize production is likely to fall by up to 70 percent below average to around 0.15 million metric tons",3
6484,18K children affected by SAM 39K children affected by MAM,8
10232,"At the end of November, the UN in Viet Nam estimated that approx. US$54 million humanitarian funding is required for water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH), food security and livelihoods, and shelter activities. ",3
5462,"The lack of electricity and water has reportedly had a particularly negative effect on IDP camps in the Governorate, with those recently arrived being particularly hard hit. This comes in addition to reports of poor living conditions in the newlyestablished camps, often ad hoc settlements which are overcrowded and lack basic services and heating as well as other basic requirements for winterization.",11
10750,"ly consists of ethnic Peuhl, and the fighting led to violence against Peuhl civilians by both FPRC fighters and men i",9
3846,"One of the main drivers of humanitarian needs in Djibouti is the chronic drought which affects almost 200,000 people in 2017 including 20,000 children under five compare to 130,000 people affected by 2016. The impact of drought is aggravated by additional pressures on basic social services by asylum seekers (from Somalia, Eritrea, Ethiopia and recently Yemen) and migrants mostly from Ethiopia, Somalia and transiting through Djibouti to the Gulf Countries via Yemen. The prolonged drought contributes to high prevalence of acute malnutrition which also can maintain diarrheal diseases and others infectious diseases.",4
3226,"The five most affected governorates were Amanat Al Asimah, Al Hudaydah, Hajjah, Amran and Ibb with 54.0% (186 175/344 751) of the cases reported since 27 April 2017. Al Dhaele’e, Al Mahwit and Amran governorates had the highest attack rates (25.1‰, 24.9‰ and 23.2‰ respectively), and Raymah governorate the highest case fatality ratio (1.4%) (see table).",4
9442,"Mounds of waste in garbage dumps around the Zimbabwe’s capital are hindering the citizenry’s confidence in local government.   Trash cans or bins overflow with rotten fruit, spoiled eggs, and other garbage.   Pedestrians have to jump over disgusting trash scattered on the sidewalks, at bus ranks, shopping centres and street corners across Harare, meanwhile either cursing the city government or holding their noses.",4
1695,"Parts of Kassala and North Darfur, affected by severe dryness in 2017, and IDPs in Jebel Marra, will face Crisis (IPC Phase 3) through September, while food security among IDPs in SPLM-N areas of South Kordofan will deteriorate from Crisis (IPC Phase 3) to Emergency (IPC Phase 4) between June and September 2018.Most other parts of Sudan will likely remain in Minimal (IPC Phase 1) or Stressed (IPC Phase 2) acute food insecurity between February and September 2018, following above-average 2017/18 harvests.",3
4522,"Our facility is relatively small and we just have one operating theater, so we simply couldn't handle this influx of patients on our own. For instance, at some point, one of the convoys got shot at on its way to northwestern Syria and we had eight patients with fresh gunshot wounds arriving all at once, straight from the bus. We would have needed two to three operating theaters to handle such an influx of patients.",4
1807,"Others became pregnant from rape, sometimes bearing children that present an emotional and financial burden. Mental health consequences are no less dire. Women and girls described symptoms consistent with post-traumatic stress and depression, including suicidal thoughts, fear and anxiety, sleeplessness, and an inability to complete daily tasks. Unable to continue work or other activities for sustenance, many said they are struggling to resume their lives and support themselves and their families. Girls sometimes dropped out of school due to fear of repeated violence, risk of stigma, or continued insecurity or displacement.",9
3665,"More than 15 families were left homeless after a fire engulfed their homes in Duk Padiet County of Jonglei State on Saturday. Speaking to Radio Tamazuj on Wednesday, the secretary general for Jonglei State government Benjamin Lam said more than 25 houses burnt to ashes and no human casualties reported by a fire suspected to have been started by a cigarette smoker.",10
6225,"On 26 March, armed groups attacked civilians in the area of Bria (East of CAR, approx. 600 km from Bangui) and engaged in fighting with MINUSCA, who intervened to protect civilians. At least two INGOs staff have been wounded. The full impact of the attack is still unknown as needs assessments have not yet been carried out due to restriction of movement.",9
9207,"Furthermore, the passing of Cyclone Enawo in early March, which traversed the length of the country, is reported to have caused widespread flooding of cropped land particularly in the northeast and east regions of Atsinanana, Analanjirofo and Sava. Although, the heavy rains reduced moisture deficits, crop damage is likely to further negatively weigh on this year’s rice output. An assessment to ascertain the agricultural damage and impact on food security has recently been finalized, and will inform on livelihood and agricultural needs.",3
7354,"Parents in Samburu County are marrying off their underage daughters in exchange of food and livestock due to the biting drought, the Nation has learnt. Girls as young as nine years have been given out to elderly men by their parents as a means of saving their siblings from starvation. A spot check by the Nation in different parts of the county including Baragoi, Illaut, Nguronit, Keleswa, Lemolog, Suyan, Ngilai, Bendera and Barseloi in Samburu North revealed that hundreds of underage girls have also dropped out of school for early marriages. According to Mr Simon Lalalaki, the deputy head teacher at Keleswa Primary School in Ndoto Ward of Samburu North, about six girls have been withdrawn from the school and married off by their families for food.“The drought and famine situation in this area has led families to look for survival means and marrying off these girls is one of them. Parents have given out their children to obtain water and food,” said Mr Lalalaki.This is as women ask their daughters to stay back at home and watch their siblings as they set for a more than 30km journey in search of the commodity. “Many of the girls are asked to stay at home to take care of their younger sisters and brothers as some are tasked with taking care of goats with the cultural belief that goats tend to be more productive when taken care of by girls,” added the teacher.",9
2229,"Food and Nutrition: ? Monthly ration is not enough to feed all the family members for one month, it causes hunger, malnutrition and negative coping mechanisms such as selling livestock, borrowing and child labour. ? Violence in the food distribution area as people push each other. The crowd controllers beat people which sometimes causes injuries. ? Uncomfortable space for distribution such as no waiting shade outside the distribution centres. Inside the centres food distribution, the space is very narrow and the pathway is not comfortable for pregnant women and sometimes it creates conflict as people push each other. ? There is no fixed date for distribution and the distribut ion is usually delayed. Inconsistent scooping by food distributors, causing major discrepancies in the quantity of food received by families. ? Lack of food diversity and the current drought aggravates the malnutrition problem. ? Specific dietary needs of certain groups such as pregnant women are not met which causes malnutrition. While some mothers are provided with nutritional supplements, they sell it to buy other food and non-food items.",9
4520,"While much progress has been made to remove the majority of the cluster munition problem to date, approximately 17 million square meters of contaminated land remains to be cleared.The majority of the mines were laid by the Israeli Defense Forces (IDF) on the Lebanese side of the border before Israel withdrew its occupation forces in May 2000. There has been increasing pressure on the authorities from the communities living next to the North Echo road, along the Blue Line, to remove the landmines in order to access the predominantly agricultural land south of the Echo road.",9
10008,"A growing cholera crisis in Yemen that has already killed more than 120 people with 11,000 suspected cases could deteriorate rapidly unless donor governments immediately send aid they pledged last month to help the struggling country, Oxfam warned today.",4
10615,"The report reflects an overall increase in respondents' perceptions of tension, violence, mistreatment and exclusion over the past six months, with 40 percent of respondents reporting that they feel someone in their community is being excluded or discriminated against in reconstruction support -- up from 13 percent in August 2016.",9
3410,"WFP warns that in-country stock of wheat and sugar will be depleted within two to three months, and vegetable oil and rice will run out by the end of March without additional imports.",3
11754,"In the Dominican Republic, one province has been placed on red alert, nine provinces on yellow alert and eight provinces on green alert over flash flooding, rise in river levels and landslides. 77 communities are without communications. A total of 17 560 displaced families (approximately 88 000 people) are currently hosted by friends or family.",10
10127,"Kinshasa, the densely-populated capital city with over 10 million people, experienced flash floods and landslides between 4 and 7 January 2018 following heavy rains. A total of 45 people died, over 5 000 homes were flooded and 192 houses collapsed. Electricity structures have been damaged, leaving at least 10 communes without power. Some health facilities have been damaged, including two cholera treatment centres. ",4
2407,"Out of the 850,000 people with the most acute needs, 740,000 people (87 per cent) remain without potable water. Water remains the key factor in the crisis taking place in the southern region of Madagascar, especially in Taloagnaro where the first rains have not yet fallen. Since mid-December, rain has fallen intermittently throughout Grand Sud, raising hopes that sufficient crops can be harvested by the end of March.",3
4509,"The 2016-2017 rainy season in Mauritania was characterized by a fifty-eight percent decrease compared to the previous year. Indeed, rainfall deficits exceeding 100 mm were recorded in several Wilayas in the south of the country, notably at the level of the two Hodhs (administrative regions), in Assaba, Brakna, Gorgol, Trarza and in Guidimagha. The situation greatly affected crop production, particularly rain-fed crops, which in most areas produced low or even nonexistent output levels.",3
4619,"Since March 2015 the war has caused almost total collapse of the country's health system as a result of the closure of more than 50% of the health facilities because authorities are unable to pay health workers' salaries and provide operational expenses for the progressive operation of the facilities. The collapse of the health system has spread diseases and epidemics, including cholera, which has affected more than 1 million and claimed 2,700 lives. About 84 people have died and 1516 have been infected with diphtheria according to the World Health Organization (WHO).",4
3004,"“Full attention should be paid to the security of mosques, Imambargahs, Churches and other holy places of worships”, ",9
4142,"While the north fell prey to an independence rebellion and ‘jihadist’ occupation in 2012, the centre of the country has gradually lapsed into armed violence since 2015. Intra-community and inter-community clashes based on competition over natural resources, targeted killings of local elected officials and traditional authorities are common. This has led to a withdrawal of state representatives (prefects, governors etc.) and forced many teachers and pupils to flee schools.",2
1128,"With the onset of La Niña-like conditions, the short rains (October–December) have been below average and erratic, failing completely in some areas, especially in southern and southeastern pastoral areas of Ethiopia and eastern Kenya. •? In Ethiopia, prolonged drought conditions are severely affecting the livelihoods in most southern and southeastern pastoral and agro-pastoral areas of Southern Nations, Nationalities and Peoples Region, southern Oromia and southeastern Somali Regions, where cumulative seasonal rainfall was up to 60 percent below average. In these areas, pasture and water availability have declined to extremely low levels, severely affecting crop production and livestock conditions, leading to large scale animal deaths. ",5
7937,"In Eritrea, where the vast majority of livelihoods depend on subsistence agriculture and pastoralism, 80 per cent of the population is vulnerable to recurrent drought.",8
8711,"Planting of the main 2017 cereal season, to be harvested from June, is expected to begin towards the end of April. Weather conditions have been relatively normal as rainfall levels have been about average in most cropping areas of the country, including the main cereal producing Region of Artibonite. However, there is some uncertainty about the ability of farmers to access inputs, such as seeds and fertilizers, particularly in the southwestern departments of Grand’Anse, Sud and Nippes, severely impacted by Hurricane Matthew in October 2016. While these departments produced a negligible amount of rice output, they, on average, account from 20 to 25 percent of the national maize production. According to the National Coordination for Food Security , a Governmental agency, farmers in these departments lost significant assets. In most extreme cases, grain stocks put aside for seed have been consumed or sold to meet other immediate needs. Moreover, the probability of an El Niño event during the June-August period, at the end of the vegetative growth period and the beginning of the harvest, has risen above 60 percent in March. FAO’s preliminary forecast assumes an increase in cereal output of only 7 percent in 2017, from last year’s hurricane-reduced level. This forecast assumes that weather will develop normally throughout the season and accounts for the difficulty in accessing necessary inputs.",0
1199,"Protection gaps: Interplay between drought, multi-faceted conflict, and long history of international assistance results in an extremely complex operating environment. ? Limited access to affected individuals and communities due to insecurity, gatekeepers, and societal constraints, hampering community mobilization and targeting of assistance, and limiting effective engagement with communities to establish protection mechanisms and to conduct adequate protection monitoring. ? Capacity to implement protection specific support services targeting drought- and conflict affected populations remains low due to financial constraints. For example, limited coverage of GBV response actors and overstretched HLP actors potentially resulting in gaps in security of tenure activities. ? Protection violations, notably GBV related, remain underreported due to cultural norms and possible social stigmatisation of survivors. ? Insufficient presence of authorities in IDP sites to ensure security – however, armed actors are potential GBV perpetrators. Additionally, there is a lack of access to justice for GBV survivors in areas of the country, notably Gedo. ? Security of tenure for new arrivals is limited, increasing the risk of eviction and resulting destruction of humanitarian investments; protracted IDPs are at risk of eviction due to assistance focusing on newly displaced families. ? Military withdrawals expose populations to reprisals, while humanitarian actors might have responded to needs in newly captured areas",9
3891,"Conflicts and civil unrest in Afghanistan, Burundi, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq, Myanmar and Syria are also exacerbating food insecurity conditions for millions of people as well affecting nearby countries hosting refugees. In addition, the drought in East Africa in late 2016 has heightened food insecurity in several countries in the sub-region.",5
821,Getting rid of the fall armyworm can cost a farmer up to E2 300. The fall armyworm have been currently destroying maize and sorghum fields across the country.Most retailers of pesticides in the country have confirmed that they already have the chemicals that will help treat the fall armyworm.,0
4741,"Food deliveries have been cut by more than half with nearly 3.3 million people - including 2.1 million children - acutely malnourished, the United Nations says.",3
3619,Novelist abducted by Israeli authorities for a work on how people spy,9
5876,"They said that the Taliban changed their homes into military strongholds to battle security forces. Meanwhile, security officials in Baghlan have also confirmed that the Taliban used civilian homes as shields in battles over the past month. “Taliban established their trenches inside the residential areas, you know that we had no option except to demolish Taliban barracks,” said Abbas, an ANA colonel in Baghlan.",10
3586,Flooding resulting in disruption of services in Havana ,1
6379,"Moreover, w ith the exception of the health and water, sani- tation, and hygiene (WASH) sectors which were v iewed as by and large successful in terms of avoiding far larger cholera outbreaks and taking advantage of preventative measures,14 it appeared that the approach to the emer- gency response did not capture oppor tunities to address underly ing vulnerabilities of the affected populations. As discussed below, this was a missed oppor tunity to at least build some level of resilience among affected communi- ties to future disasters.",11
2373,"A further increase of needs is expected in the coming months given the weather forecast of poor spring rains this year. Although good rains were reported in many drought-hit woredas over the past week, they were late in onset - by three weeks on average – and are projected to be erratic and to cease early. The rains have not yet started in some areas, including in Afder, Shebelle and majority of Liben zones of Somali region. There is an 85 per cent probability of poor spring rains in the southern rainfall belt/the current drought belt and an 80 per cent probability of normal to below normal rains in the north eastern rainfall belt. This would necessitate a prolongation of the response until at least October, including water trucking and provision of animal feed in pastoralist and agro pastoralist areas. In addition, decreasing purchasing power related to rising food price is likely to contribute to a further deterioration of vulnerable households’ food security. According to Ethiopia’s Central Statistics Agency, Ethiopia’s food price inflation rose to 9.6 per cent in March up from 7.8 per cent in February and 5.0 per cent in January.  ",3
6725,"As at 12 March, the National Office for the Management of Risks and Crises (BNGRC) reported 295,950 people to have been affected by the cyclone, including 84,660 who remain displaced. The number of deaths due to the storm has risen to 50 with 20 people missing and 195 injured. ",9
7988,"The assessment reports showed that thousands of displaced people were in urgent need of food, shelter, and protection due to the destruction of houses and other properties.",3
9986,"The medical evacuation of 29 critical cases was completed yesterday. The medical evacuation lasted for three days. On the first day, four patients were evacuated. On the second day, 12 patients were evacuated and the remaining 13 patients were evacuated yesterday. In total there were 18 children, six women and five men. Two patients originally on the list had already passed away before the evacuation.",4
362,"Venezuelan gangs are no longer recruiting youths in some poor areas by offering them easy money to buy clothes or the latest cell phones. Instead, they are offering food baskets.The critical food shortages pummeling Venezuela have started to change the nature of crime in the country, at times increasing what some experts have started to call “hunger crimes” and at other times turning food into a valuable item to be taken by force. “This is a new phenomenon because it’s something that we never had in this country, crimes committed because of hunger,” said Roberto Briceño León, director of the Caracas-based Venezuelan Observatory for Violence (VOV). Criminal gangs are also using food to recruit children and teenagers in Venezuela, a country with one of the world’s highest crime rates.",9
11731,The humanitarian assistance provided by the Red Cross Movement between 26 August and 15 September has reached 19 040 people. The Red Cross Movement remains the only non-governmental agency with access to the area.,1
8442,"The severe cold wave in most parts of the country is expected to intensify over the next few days. Vast swathes of Balochistan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Gilgit-Baltistan and Azad Kashmir may brace for potential flash floods in the tributaries of the Kabul River, avalanches and mudslides due to heavy snowfall and widespread rain and sleet. ",1
1554,"An island-wide protest on Friday by Sri Lankan doctors demanding closure of a private medical college crippled the health services, leaving thousands of patients unattended and threatening the investment climate.",4
8432,"The highest number of diseases reported in week 5 were: other acute diarrhoea (2,182 cases), influenza like illness (2,109 cases) followed by severe acute respiratory illness (701 cases). ",4
6709,"During reporting week 13 (week ending 31 March 2017), 6 new cases were reported from three districts, distributed equally (2 cases each) among Betou, Dongou and Impfondo.",4
11896,"Many pupils have dropped out of school as they join parents in search of food, water and pasture. Dodosa Primary deputy headteacher Alex Jambo said school attendance had dropped by more than 20 per cent.",2
7944,Pregnant women and the elderly have fallen ill due to the extreme heat. Electric fans have been requested. People have requested basic garments.,7
1874,"Between 1 August and 13 October 2017, a total of 711 cases (suspected, probable and confirmed) including 64 deaths (case fatality rate 9.0%) have been reported from 37 (32.5%) out of 114 districts in the country. Of these, 506 cases (71.2%) were clinically classified as pneumonic plague, 167 (23.5%) were bubonic plague, one case was septicaemic plague, and 36 cases were unspecified. At least 26 healthcare workers have contracted plague since the beginning of the outbreak.",4
523,"In the last two months (September-October), 16,077 new cases of cholera and 199 deaths were recorded.4,940 new cases of measles and 39 deaths were also recorded during the period.",4
11168," Inaddition, the lack of official documents has negatively affected children education, women’s protection, freedom of movement and livelihoods and the Syrians’ social networks have weakened23. Having valid papers continues to be a priority issue for Syrian refugees, as earlier reports have indicated24. Syrians interviewed for this report expressed a feeling of despair concerning the possibility of legalizing their stay as well as fear of being numbed to accept this as the status quo. ",9
9685,"In Somalia, severe drought is expected to continue until the start of the next rainy season in October 2017.",3
4548,"25 December 2017, CFSI Field Teams completed a two -day assessment of the situation in Iligan City, Sapad, Salvador, Kolambugan, and Tubod in Lanao del Norte of Region X, and Marawi City, Bubong, Tugaya, Bacolod Kalawi, and Balindong in Lanao del Sur of ARMM. The teams concluded that there are needs for food and non - items, drinking water, kitchen sets, sanitation and hygiene ( WASH), shelter , clothing and blankets , health, electricity, and transportation. The effects of the storm further exacerbated the situation of the IDPs of the Marawi Crisis in the evacuation centers in Iligan City, Marawi City and those at host communities. CFSI field teams provided psychological first aid and referrals through immediate reporting to concern LGU and concern line agency",4
3074,"The main planting season is underway in South Sudan and it is critical that farmers are able to safely access their fields for planting, weeding and harvesting. In 2016, despite the worsening security situation, South Sudan’s smallholder farmers produced over 825 000 tonnes of cereals, demonstrating that food production remains possible for millions",3
2924,"Tropical Cyclone ENAWO continued moving west south-west over the south-western Indian Ocean and towards north-eastern Madagascar, strengthening. On 7 March at 6.00 UTC, its centre was located approx. 50 km north-east of Antalaha city (Antsiranana Province) and had max. sustained wind speed of 231 km/h.On 7 March morning (UTC), it is forecast to continue moving west south-west and make landfall close to Antalaha city as an intense Tropical Cyclone with max. sustained winds of 220 - 230 km/h. Heavy rain, storm surge and strong winds may affect the north-eastern and central-eastern areas of the country. JRC estimations indicate a max. storm surge height of 1.3 m along the coast of Helodrano Antongila Bay, on 7 March at 13.00 UTC.As of 7 March at 7.00 UTC, Meteo Madagascar has issued a Red Alert in several areas of Diana, Sava, Sofia, Analanjirofo, Alaotra-Mangoro, Atsinanana regions.",10
4341,"As in Abu Nuwar, hundreds of children attending one of at least 45 schools in the West Bank (37 in Area C and 8 in East Jerusalem) with pending demolition orders, are living in instability, with the specter of school demolition ever-present, threatening their access to education. Other children in Area C communities lacking a primary school often must walk or travel long distances to reach their schools and are exposed to settler harassment or searches at checkpoints. These constraints undermine the quality of education and increase the chances of early dropout.",2
4818,"In Kenya, the Long Rains Assessment found that food security is likely to deteriorate, with 500,000 people now classified to be in Emergency (IPC Phase 4). Overall, the number of food insecure people has risen from 2.6 million (0.4m in IPC Phase 2 and 2.2m in IP Phase 3) in August 2016 to 3.4 million as of August 2017 (0.8m in IPC Phase 2, 2.1m in IPC Phase 3, and 0.5m in IPC Phase 4), with the number of severely food insecure (IPC Phases 3 and 4) rising from 2.2 million to 2.6 million. ",3
8283,"To reduce the public health risk, decommissioning of non-functional latrines has started but there are still a large number of tube wells and latrines that need to be decommissioned, rehabilitated or relocated. ? At the reception areas near the crossing points (close to the border), the WASH partners are distributing RRM kits (based on the needs and number of new influx) and maintaining the mobile sanitation facilities. ? The existing public health conditions in the different camps and makeshift settlements are currently unsatisfactory due to poor sanitation facilities, poor water quality, space limitation and terrain, this combined with the increased population, has greatly increased the risk of serious public health hazards.",11
8677,". Urgent action is also required for the other severely food insecure areas of the country to protect livelihoods, reduce food consumption gaps and reduce acute malnutrition. Response to the ongoing outbreaks of communicable diseases, especially cholera and measles need to be enforced in spite of the security challenges.",5
6527,"Trauma A total of 47,204 new, war-related trauma caseswere recorded and treated between July and October 2017. Communicable Diseases Out of all new consultations, 32.9% were due to surveillance-targeted diseases. Main causes of consultations in August to October 2017 were acute respiratory infections (ARI) (15.4%), pneumonia (3.2%) and acute diarrhoeal diseases (13.9%). Outbreaks reported in August to October 2017 included CrimeanCongo haemorrhagic fever (CCHF), (Faryab, Herat, Parwan and Kabul), measles (Khost, Takhar), pertussis (Paktika, Daikundi), chicken pox (Wardak), scabies (Badakhshan) and anthrax (Kapisa) (see Figure 1). A total of 469 disease outbreaks were reported from January to October 2017. 36% of outbreaks were attributed to measles and 49% to CCHF. Outbreaks were investigated and responded to by the Emergency Preparedness and Response (EPR) team. Overall the number of CCHF and measles outbreaks increased in 2017 compared to the previous years. Measles vaccination coverage is low, and can not prevent outbreaks. Lab capacity in the country can only confirm 34% of outbreaks/events in a timely manner. At the provinical level, laboratories can only confirm 16% of diseases.",4
9932,"? Child protection: Children in a number of settlements along the contact line continue having limited access to education. 350 children have not been able to attend school in October in Ocheretyne village (Donetsk region, GCA), as repairs of the school have not been completed.",2
6160,"The Yemen’s Ministry of Public Health and Population (MoPHP) confirmed a cholera outbreak in Amanat al Asimah Governorate in October 2016. Subsequently, the outbreak spread to close to 165 districts in 16 Governorates by the end of December 2016. The trend of the cholera outbreak and case-fatality rate then declined during the period January to March, with the number of districts reporting suspected cholera cases dropping to 25. The decline in the epidemic curve could be partly attributed to the health and WASH interventions. A total of 24,504 suspected cases, including 143 associated deaths (with a case-fatality rate of 0.44%) were reported by the end of March 2017.The resurgence of the outbreak during the last week of April resulted in a cumulative of 254,871 suspected cases, with 1,439 associated deaths (0.6% CFR) by 28 June, rapidly spreading to 286 districts (in 20 governorates2). With the rapid spread, the cumulative number of cases during the seven weeks period is six times more than those reported over a period of the first months in the October 2016 outbreak.   The outbreak is spreading against the backdrop of a major humanitarian crisis. The current upsurge of cholera cases is attributed to prevalence of risk factors including disruption of public health and WASH services amidst increasingly collapsing basic ",4
7529,"At the beginning of June, food rations covering 10 days were distributed to IDPs. The level of insecurity prevents farmers from resuming agricultural activities. Food prices are already high, while the variety of goods has reduced. In the Central African Republic (CAR), food insecurity affects at least 28 per cent of the population. More than 180,000 people face acute malnutrition, and chronic malnutrition is widespread in almost all parts of the country, with about 364,000 children affected.",3
11376,"The central high plains and southeastern Madagascar experienced severe dryness and drought in January and early February. In the south, however, although the rainy season was approximately 5 – 7 weeks late overall levels of precipitation were near average during the month of January.Despite the near average rain and the expected near average harvests of maize and pulses, areas in the south that were affected by drought in the past 3 years will face Stressed (IPC Phase 2) through the remainder of the lean season. ",5
6805,"At least 15 people have been killed by the rains in different parts of the country in the past five days as many families spent the night in the cold after their houses were destroyed by the rains in Nairobi, Mt Kenya, Coast, Eastern and Northeastern regions. ",10
1227,"Besieged areas of Deir-ez-Zor and Rural Damascus were hotspots in the reporting period in terms of deteriorating food security conditions. High food and fuel prices continued to erode the purchasing power of the population, diminishing their ability to acquire food. Rural Damascus has seen price increases in all core food items (bread, rice, wheat flour, sugar, lentils), while the price of diesel has more than tripled within the first three months of the year. The price of bread has surged significantly in Deir-ez-Zor city while the costs of some other items were considerably higher compared to a year ago. In other governorates with besieged areas, prices of food items have declined between January and March. Escalating conflict in the first quarter of the year has also resulted in a reduction of functional drinking water sources in Deir-ez-Zor, where highest rates of water-borne diseases among children under five years of age were recorded. In Rural Damascus, the number of treated drinking water sources was amongst the least registered in different governorates of the country. Screening data for March 2017 from health clinics in Syria indicated high rates of malnourished children under five in Rural Damascus (10.4%) .4",3
10074,"ACFID's members are responding by providing: medical care, emergency food, clean water, hygiene and sanitation kits, and supporting women and girls in responding to increased threats of gender based violence.",9
10231,"Lake Turkana’s water levels have dropped by approximately 1.5 meters since January 2015 due to development of dams and plantations in Ethiopia's Omo Valley.the drop is already affecting the shoreline of the lake, which has receded as much as 1.7 kilometers in Ferguson Gulf since November 2014. The Gulf is a critical fish breeding area, and a key fishing ground for the indigenous Turkana people.",5
5079,"Activists want a thorough investigation into the killing of a land rights activist in Myanmar, and greater protection of land defenders, amid a sharp increase in territorial disputes.About 70 percent of Myanmar's population lives in rural areas and depends on agriculture for a living.Few farmers in Myanmar have formal documents for their land, and even formal titles do not provide adequate protection, according to advocacy group Global Witness.Disputes over land have increased significantly since the easing of political and economic restrictions after 2011, which led to a rush of foreign investments and greater demand for land for industrial use.",0
516,"Disconnected by fatal landslides on June 13, the road link between Khagrachhari and Rangamati districts have not been restored yet, causing immense suffering to the locals.",6
10512,"Dengue fever: Between 22 Apr.-23 Oct. 17 1,281 suspected cases, 311 confirmed, 2 deaths (0.2% CFR).Abidjan city remains the epicentre of this outbreak, accounting for 95% of the total reported cases. The main health districts affected include Cocody, Abobo, Bingerville and Yopougon. Of the 272 confirmed cases with available information on serotypes, 181 were dengue virus serotype 2 (DENV-2), 78 were DENV-3 and 13 were DENV-1. In addition, 39 samples were confirmed IgM positive by serology.",4
4086,"There is, for example, no psychosocial support for refugees who have been the victims of Boko Haram violence, and child protection and gender-based violence mechanisms are weak.  ",9
11554,"Authorities in Honduras have dismantled several networks of allegedly corrupt law enforcement officers, a positive sign for the country's efforts to purge its police institution but also a reminder of the depth and breadth of corruption in the force.  Thirteen out of the total of 67 officials allegedly on the payroll of the powerful MS13 gang were high-ranking members of the police. On January 11, just days after the revelations by La Prensa, a special police reform commission established last year fired 490 police officers for failing confidence examinations",9
3752,"Meanwhile, the resources needed by IDPs and other affected populations to effectively re -establish themselves after almost two years of absence are considerable. Reports indicate that most houses have been damaged or destroyed, and the contents looted. Fields abandoned for two planting seasons are now overgrown. Health centres and schools have also been damaged and staff have fled along with the local population and local au thorities. Everything needs to be re-built and all concerned will require tools, materials and continuing assistance until they are able to get their lives back on track.",5
1757,"The start of the main harvest in the south and some parts of the central region is contributing to Minimal (IPC Phase 1) acute food security outcomes across most of the country. However, some populations in Nsanje and Karonga district are facing Stressed (IPC Phase 2) food security outcomes, in the absence of humanitarian assistance. These projected outcomes are expected through September 2017.",3
5870,"On 20 May, 100 families were allowed by SDF to return to their home village Al-Meezla (25 km north-east of Ar-Raqqa) after two months of displacement in Ar-Raqqa northern countryside. Reports indicate that 15 houses were destroyed, in addition to the village mosque and school. Neither electricity nor water is available.",7
7236,"In the south of Córdoba, the continuing conflict and the power struggle over the black market in illegal goods continue to have disastrous consequences. Leaders who are not in hiding have reported threats from armed groups for participating in the National Plan to Replace Crops for Illicit Use, a programme created under the peace deal and offering participating coca-growing families’ financial incentives to exchange their illicit crops for legal alternatives, like cacao and coffee.",9
9899,"About 400,000 children in Kasai suffer from severe acute malnutrition, roughly the same number as in civil war-ravaged Yemen, according to the United Nations children’s agency (UNICEF).Only 13 percent receive medical attention “because there is not enough financing or attention,” said Christophe Boulierac, a UNICEF spokesman.",8
4349,"Unaccompanied children are especially vulnerable to all forms of violence, abuse and exploitation, including human trafficking. They often have no choice but to beg for food and rarely have access to physical or mental health care.",9
679,"Rescuers are digging through the rubble of collapsed buildings in the capital trying to reach survivors, as thousands prepare to spend the night outside as darkness fell. ",10
3678,"Since 28 September 2016, 49 096 suspected cholera cases and 361 related deaths have been reported. A resurgence of the outbreak has seen a total of 23 425 suspected cholera cases and 242 deaths reported in 18 governorates since 27 April.The current rate of spread is alarming, with 44% of the total cases over the last 7.5 months and 65% of the total deaths reported in May 2017 alone",4
8761,"According to the last IPC analysis in June 2017, 12 territories of Lomani, Kasaï Oriental, Kasaï Central, Kasaï, Sankuru, Tanganyika, Ituri and Maniema provinces face Emergency conditions (IPC Phase 4). In these areas, affected households mainly depending on agriculture for their subsistence have seen their land and fields burned and looted, thereby losing a great portion of their crops.The local currency has depreciated significantly against the US dollar over the past months, resulting in more expensive and therefore reduced imports from neighbouring countries. Consequently, a significant upward pressure on domestic food and livestock supplies and prices was registered. In the Tanganyika province, cross-border flows from Tanzania resulted in a doubling of local prices of maize and cassava.With the well-below average harvests from previous growing seasons in the Kasaï and Tanganyika provinces, households are expected to deplete their food stocks by January and experience a prolonged lean season.",3
5906,"The earthquake and subsequent unsettling aftershocks have caused significant fear, sense of uncertainty, disruption of social and educational services in SHP and Hela Province, a region which already suffers from years of violent group conflicts, domestic violence and gender- based violence. This complex emergency is having a profound negative impact on the mental health of children, including on brain development and their overall well-being in the long-run. UNICEF aims to provide 14,400 affected children with psychosocial support and access to case management and referral services; and 16,000 children and families with information on positive parenting and community advocacy on ending violence. UNICEF has deployed one psychosocial specialist and one child protection officer to Hela and Southern Highlands Provinces for assessment, training and mentoring of implementing partners. The target is 60 child-friendly spaces, of which two child-friendly spaces have been established so far, reaching more than 400 children with recreational activities and psychosocial support. In addition, 40 PSS providers, who signed the Code of Conduct for the protection of children, were trained and received orientation on PSEA. Tents, tarpaulins, ECD kits and recreational kits to set up an additional 15 child-friendly spaces have been airlifted.",9
9081,"A main concern in the country is vector-borne diseases, as dengue, chikungunya and Zika are present or have recently been present in Dominican Republic. Malaria is found in the country, with a higher number of cases when comparing 2016 and 2017. The threat of a malaria outbreak has been increased by the hurricane-weakened infrastructure. Cholera is also a major concern as it is endemic to the Dominican Republic; a total of 62 suspected cholera cases were reported in the Dominican Republic between epidemiological week (EW) 1 and EW 14 of 2017 (no updates have been provided since May 2017), while 679 suspected cases were reported in 2016. Additionally, there is a heightened risk of leptospirosis due to the flooding that often occurs with hurricane since it facilitates the spread of the leptospira organism; Leptospirosis is frequently found in the Dominican Republic, and it caused 74 deaths in 2016, with 752 cases nationwide. Vaccine-preventable diseases are an important issue in the country, as the coverage for disease such as measles is only 85 per cent in the Dominican Republic, which means there is a risk of measles outbreak, especially in the overcrowded collective centres and the displaced population. Psychosocial support is also a focus area as survivors are forced cope with the loss of lives, livelihoods, shelter and/or belongings. ",4
3150,"As a result of improved livestock body conditions in most regions, rates of livestock conception have increased relative to the same time last year and are low to medium in most of the country. Due to similar conception rates during the 2017 Gu, low to medium goat kidding took place during the Deyr, providing households with some access to milk. Overall goat milk consumption is still below average, but higher than last season and the same time last year. Low to none camel and cattle calving occured during the Deyr, due to very low conception in past seasons, and most poor households are not consuming camel milk currently. Overall, milk production is lower in northern and central regions than in southern regions.",3
3174,"In Southwestern Madagascar, nearly all crops that are usually harvested between March and May (maize, groundnuts, cow pea, mung beans) failed, as was the case in parts of Betioky and Ampanihy, or produced well below average due to insufficient rains, in some cases only 25 percent of average. Usually short cycle off-season crops, like pulses and sweet potatoes, are planted after maize harvest. However, very few plots were planted and most of them were left uncultivated as sweet potato cuttings were unavailable. Cassava is planted but its height and foliage are less than normal. Demand for agricultural labor is below average as a result, but wages have not changed.",3
1988,"Despite resumed commercial activity following the end of the siege on Deir-ez-Zor city, humanitarian conditions remain dire due to severely damaged water and sewage systems and lack of access basic services, including essential health care services. The siege and current military operations have damaged health care facilities and caused significant population displacement, severely disrupting health care services. Al Assad Hospital is the only functional government-managed hospital in Deir-ez-Zor city, while none of the government hospitals in surrounding communities are operational. Consumable medical supplies, medicines, ambulances, and food are among the most urgent needs within Deir-ez-Zor city, according to recent remote humanitarian assessments.",4
9644,"Niger has been a key transit point for migrants.During this first trip to Africa as President of the IFRC, Rocca met some migrants in a “ghetto”—a generic name given to a group of houses rented by migrants, located in Tadres, where many young people from different nationalities live, in overcrowded conditions, without running water, electricity or adequate food.",10
3917,"Over 97 percent of the population are at risk of contracting the disease and of the 800,000 confirmed cases reported in 2016, more than 44 percent were children under the age of five. Nine percent were pregnant women. Lake Chad islanders like Yongou and her family also face increased risk as the region is one of the most malaria affected regions in the country.",4
5788,"Crisis (IPC Phase 3) acute food insecurity will persist in the Diffa region until September 2017. The persistent security crisis has severely reduced food and income access for poor households and has resulted in the displacement of many households that are now dependent on humanitarian aid. In some parts of the region, humanitarian access difficulties result in inadequate aid coverage and inadequate food availability that are likely to worsen nutritional outcomes over the coming months.",3
7973,"After a three-year decline, settler violence increased during the rst half of 2017, undermining the physical security and livelihoods of aected communities. An unprecedented number of settlement housing projects were approved or advanced, including for the establishment of a new settlement in Area C and new settlement compounds in Palestinian neighborhoods in East Jerusalem. Some of this expansion will encroach further on Palestinian land and may lead to the displacement of Palestinian families.",9
6206,"During the reporting period, a rapid need assessment was conducted in Khanfir, Zingibar, Lawdar Districts in Abyan Governorate and Al Had District in Lahj Governorate. Findings indicate that there is an urgent need for humanitarian assistance in the sectors of water, sanitation and hygiene, food and shelter. However, there is no need for rapid health response as it is being covered by existing health facilities services and mobile clinics. A multi-sector assessment conducted in Al Khawkhah District in Al-Hudaydah Governorate concluded the need for sustained interventions in the areas of water, sanitation and hygiene, shelter and nonfood items, protection, food and health. A multi-sector assessment in Bayhan District, Shabwah Governorate reported that there are 700 displaced families. More than 90 per cent of the IDPs lack access to water, sanitation and hygiene, shelter and non-food items ad face specific protection concerns.",10
6688,"Civil insecurity, fuelled by the presence of armed groups, brought about the destruction of public infrastructure, disrupted procurement and distribution systems, resulting in food shortages, mainly in urban areas, and in the loss of income for farmers that were unable to market their production.",5
8510,"In Libya, battles intensified in Darnah district between the Libyan armed forces and the Shura Council of Darnah Mujahidin – recently rebranded as the Derna Protection Force (DPF). There was a succession of complex attacks involving ground battles, landmine explosions, shelling as well as drone strikes by forces from the United Arab Emirates. The Libyan forces regained some territories in the area but the impact was high as more than 60 died, including civilians hit in airstrikes on residential areas.",4
8531,"In Pattani, 18 power poles were damaged in six districts.  In Yala, eight power poles were damaged in three districts and in Narathiwat 20 power poles in eight districts.  In Songkhla, six power poles in two districts were damaged. ",7
10326,"In Kachin and Shan, the high number of displaced children requiring pre-primary, primary and post-primary education results in pressure on the existing facilities in areas both within and beyond the Government control, despite the establishment of additional temporary learning classrooms (TLCs) and schools in IDP camps. The additional costs of education –supplies, tuition fees and transportation– are prohibitive for many IDPs. A lack of resources results in insufficient facilities and materials to accommodate children within minimum standards. Adolescents are in particular need of learning opportunities and life-skills education as they are the most vulnerable to forced labour, recruitment into armed groups and exploitation.",2
110,"40,966 persons were affected by MARING, of whoch 2173 persons are still being served inside and outside evacuation centers. A total of 5 people was reported dead. In Cavite, Laguna and Quezon, 1,493 houses are partially damaged and 329 are totally damaged",10
7360,"At least 3,902 ducks have died since April 15 affecting almost 102 farmers in the area, according to livestock department officials. ",5
2886,"The main factor driving the initial displacement of the majority of IDPs was the threat or fear from general conflict and armed group presence; this driver accounted for 83% of IDPs. 15% of IDPs were mainly displaced due to other security related issues such as political affiliation, and the remaining 2% were displaced due to economic factors. In addition to drivers that initially led to the displacement of IDPs, DTM collected data on the reasons preventing IDPs from returning to their homes. In 65% of baladiyas IDPs were reported to continue being displaced due to the threat or fear of ongoing conflict and armed group presence",9
4225,"The decline in production has forced Bananalandia to lay off workers, said Maluana, cutting its number of staff from 1,500 to 1,250.",5
5247,"Movements of displaced populations from Ar-Raqqa’s urban and semi-urban areas are reportedly becoming arduous, due to the presence of explosive hazards on several exit roads. Patterns of movements and consultations with affected people seem to indicate a trend of men staying behind in the city to protect housing and properties from the effects of urban warfare, including looting. A predominance of women, children and elderly population has been observed in Ein Eissa camp. Fear of forced recruitment, arrest or detention at checkpoints is also mentioned to explain underrepresentation of men in the IDP population.",9
7619,"More than 8,000 people who fled their homes in Menaka, Mali, are living under precarious conditions. An assessment led by the Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) reveals urgent needs for water, food, medical and psychosocial support. 'Displaced families are drinking stagnant rainwater. Sanitary conditions are precarious. We fear the spread of water-borne diseases,' warned Badou Handane, emergency coordinator for NRC, who led the needs assessment.",1
8100,"In separate incidents on August 8 and 9, smugglers forced about 300 people from their boats as they approached the coast of Shabwa, Yemen on the Arabian Sea. The migrants were from Ethiopia and Somalia. Several dozen migrants drowned and dozens more remain missing. Shortly after the first incident, staff from the U.N.’s International Organization for Migration found shallow graves of 29 migrants on a nearby beach.",9
8731,"HAUT LOMAMI AND LUALABA: FOOD SECURITY IMPACTED BY THE KASAI CRISIS In Kalamba health zone, Kapanga Territory, 30% of the total population (over 28,000 people) have poor and limited food consumption scores due to large population movements and the massive arrival of IDPs from the Kasai region consecutive to incursions of Kamwina Nsapu militia. In Haut Lomami Province, some 30% of the total population (nearly 200,000 people) of Kinda (Kamina Territory), Malemba and Mulongo (Malemba Nkulu Territory) health zones are food insecure. In December 2016, a nutrition survey conducted in this health zone revealed a 15% overall acute malnutrition (MAG) rate and a 4% severe acute malnutrition (MAS) rate. Experts recommend emergency interventions to prevent the population from falling further into food insecurity in the near future.",3
1607,"The health and safety of more than 520,000 Rohingya children living in overcrowded camps and informal settlements in Bangladesh is likely to be put at even greater risk ahead of upcoming cyclone and monsoon seasons, UNICEF warned today.'As we get closer to the cyclone and monsoon seasons, what is already a dire humanitarian situation risks becoming a catastrophe. Hundreds of thousands of children are already living in horrific conditions, and they will face an even greater risk of disease, flooding, landslides and further displacement,' said Edouard Beigbeder, UNICEF Representative in Bangladesh. 'Unsafe water, inadequate sanitation and poor hygiene conditions can lead to cholera outbreaks and to Hepatitis E, a deadly disease for pregnant women and their babies, while standing water pools can attract malaria-carrying mosquitos. Keeping children safe from disease must be an absolute priority,' Beigbeder added.In addition to the increased threat of disease outbreaks, the cyclone season brings an increased risk of flooding and landslides, a direct risk to children's lives. Even a moderate storm could have a devastating impact, with little time to prepare ahead of the start of the cyclone season in march.Tropical cyclones generally strike Bangladesh in two seasons, March through July and September through December, with the greatest number of storms arriving in May and October. In May last year, Cyclone Mora barreled through the region, destroying approximately one quarter of the makeshift shelters in Rohingya refugee camps and causing widespread damage. In addition, the regular monsoon rains starting in June could bring devastating landslides and floods. There is a serious risk that shelters, water systems, latrines and other infrastructure could be severely damaged in storms or floods.",11
4565,"According to WHO, of the 29 patients injured in the demonstrations from 30 March to 4 May who have applied for Israeli permits to exit Gaza for health care, nine applications were approved (31 per cent), significantly lower than the acceptance rate for such permits in the first quarter of 2018 (60 per cent).",4
3784,"According to the 2017 FAO/WFP CFSAM report, the drought has impacted food consumption scores of households in the affected areas, with approximately about 900 000 people estimated to face food insecurity, mostly concentrated in the districts of Kurunegala, Moneragale, Vavuniya, Mannar and Jaffna. ",3
5822,"15 ALPS markets in Alert, 13 in Stress, 18 in Crisis",0
2484,"The currently leadership mechanisms are not fair and transparent this is more evident when it comes to distribution of things like clothes, phones, bicycles. The leaders chose the good things first and when one is given males clothes even though her family has all girls she is not allowed to exchange. In addition the leaders capitalize on humanitarian aid such as pots, plastic sheets, clothes where some beneficiaries are not given and the leaders sell whatever remains for their benefit. Furthermore the zone leaders use names of individuals when distributing items and not the ration cards which also indicates the unfair distribution of things.",9
11014,"The National Institute of Nutrition (NIN) has reported that 143,997 children and 80,531 pregnant and lactating women have been severely affected by the disaster. Based on initial findings from the joint UN/INGO assessments, the poorest households (9.5 percent of affected households) in the provinces of Binh Dinh and Quang Ngai are at a high risk of food and nutrition insecurity. It is expected that over the next three months, and due to the serious damage to rice and vegetable crops, these vulnerabilities will likely increase.",8
5697,"On 3 April, armed groups attacked the temporary U.N. peacekeeping base in Tagbara, located 70 km northeast of Bambari. One peacekeeper was killed and 11 wounded while 21 deaths were reported among the armed groups. It is also reported that at least twenty civilians were killed, including four women and four children. Around 8 000 civilians from the villages of Tagbara and Seko fled the scene. The humanitarian response is being put in place to cover the most urgent needs such as health and nutrition, NFI, Wash and food. Protection remains an issue as the security situation in the two villages is seriously hampering the humanitarian access to the most vulnerable population.",11
3407,"Of particular concern is the deterioration in Somaliland with several regions moving from IPC 2 to IPC 3, and others moving from IPC 3 to IPC 4. A simplistic analysis could be that the humanitarian response efforts to date were focused in the South Central areas, specifically rural areas of Bay and Bakool regions, due to a premature assumption that Somaliland had stabilized. This highlights the vulnerability and poor resiliency of many communities, and the speed at which communities can relapse into a worsening state of food insecurity if humanitarian assistance is not sustained.",3
1843,"At one of the newer spontaneous IDP sites that RI visited in Baidoa, more than 2,000 households were living sideby-side in makeshift shelters assembled with tarp, sticks, and clothing. Camp residents told RI that since there were no latrines, people were forced to defecate out in the open or in the bush. In addition, camp residents had no access to a consistent clean water point and were either reliant on occasional water deliveries by aid agencies or forced to buy water",10
11853,"Due to the shifting and fragmented power dynamics in Libya, unofficial detention centers managed by armed groups and militias have also emerged—further exacerbating the risk of exploitation and abuse of migrants. National and international organizations lack access to these detention centers, making it nearly impossible to monitor the human rights situation or to provide humanitarian assistance to those detained.",9
11282,"More than 9,000 South Sudanese refugees, who fled conflict in Pageri and Nimule counties of Imatong State to neighbouring Uganda, have returned to their homes, Imatong State governor said.Governor Tobolio Alberio Oromo told Radio Tamazuj on Wednesday that the returnees are in dire need of humanitarian assistance including food, water and shelter.He called on humanitarian agencies to hastily come and provide shelter as well as medical assistance to the returnees who need support to restart their lives.",3
4589,"The activities of the armed groups also hinder the delivery of humanitarian aid to the population. Aid personnel are often forced to flee into the bush or neighboring towns, sometimes taking refuge in churches, mosques or nearby areas where MINUSCA peacekeepers are deployed. There are currently about 600,250 internally displaced persons in CAR. State authority is still embryonic and economic activity is very low-key. Repeated attacks on convoys carrying goods have severely affected imports. Currently, commercial convoys have to be secured by UN peacekeepers on the main highways and other secondary routes in order for goods to reach the rest of the country.",6
8869,"Limited access to health services by the population in return areas in Ninawa and Salah Aldin due to shortage of health personnel and damaged secondary and tertiary health facilities. ? Limited number of ambulances available in Tikrit, capitol of Salah Aldin governorate, to serve the high demand of patients requiring referrals from IDP camps here.",4
9010,"Fuel Commodities a significant increase in the average prices of petrol by 70% and unavailability of diesel in Lahej, and neighboring governorates was due to the fuel crises in Aden, which started, in the second half of January 2017. The situation also negatively affected Taiz with an increase of petrol price up to 11.63% and 15.47% for cooking gas. The fuel crisis also contributed for the prices increase of fish by 30.04% in Lahej and by above 40% in Taiz.",7
2203,Pakistan’s civilian government is pursuing a high-risk strategy in authorizing its army to conduct cross-border strikes against terrorists.,9
1298,"The 2017 General Election, therefore, rightly raised grave concerns about likely resurgence of widespread sexual violence and whether the government would act decisively to prevent such assaults, take action against alleged attackers and appropriately assist the victims. And even with incomplete information, initial reports link sexual assaults to the elections. Women's rights groups and activists allege that police raped and sexually harassed women and girls, especially after the electoral commission declared President Uhuru Kenyatta the winner.Human Rights Watch (HRW) obtained credible reports of election-related sexual violence in Kisumu and Nairobi, especially Dandora.  The question now is whether the authorities will promptly investigate the allegations and seek justice for the victims or, as in the past, ignore these abuses and victims' suffering.",9
440,"Several factors are aggravating the persistence of the cholera epidemic. These include the weak involvement of state structures in fighting against cholera, a lack of attention from the humanitarian and development community and other actors to this “forgotten” epidemic, as well as some funds that ended on March 31.",4
4113,"Typhoid fever has spread in Al-Hol camp, spreading cause was identified as use of contaminated water for washing purposes without using soaps, multi sectorial response was implemented, WHO send medicines to treat patients as well as water purification tables to do water purification at house hold level, other health actors are doing hygiene promotion campaign, WHO monitoring the situation and ready to provide all needed support. ? 2 confirmed TB cases were diagnosed in Al-Roj camp. With support of WHO, DoH provided the essential treatment and conducted an investigation visit to the camp to inspect patient’s contacts.",4
1763,"The nutrition situation deteriorated in 2017, with 13.9 per cent of children under 5 years suffering from global acute malnutrition, up from 11.9 per cent in 2016; and 3.9 per cent of children under 5 suffering from severe acute malnutrition (SAM), up from 2.6 per cent in 2016. Increased rates of diarrhoea and SAM are linked to food insecurity, poor hygiene practices and limited sanitation facilities.",8
3168,This conflict that is taking place some 140 km north of Bunia broke out on 19 March. 550 houses and two schools have been burnt down in Lodjo and Tchulu.,2
5191,"The newly displaced join some 40,000 IDPs who were previously displaced across Menbij district from ISILcontrolled areas, adding additional strain on the already stretched host community. Inside Menbij city, the IDP influx has reportedly already led to scarcity of bread as the local production chains cannot satisfy the increased demand.",3
7428,"“The detention system for migrants in Libya is broken beyond repair,”said UN Human Rights chief Zeid Ra’ad Al Hussein.  “Only alternatives to detention can save migrants’ lives and physical security, preserve their dignity and protect them from further atrocities. “The international community cannot continue to turn a blind eye to the unimaginable horrors endured by migrants in Libya, and pretend that the situation can be remedied only by improving conditions in detention,” he said, calling for the creation of domestic legal measures and the decriminalisation of irregular migration to ensure the protection of migrants’ human rights.UN Human Rights chief",9
5738,"On 3 November, the Department of Social Welfare and Development reported a total of 6,649 families had returned to nine cleared barangays (lowest administration unit in the Philippines) in Marawi City. IDPs who have been able to return are required to adhere to a curfew with limited movement. The curfew was reportedly imposed by authorities to mitigate looting.Access to areas most severely affected by the conflict remains restricted, while the lack of livelihood opportunities in return areas is constraining sustainable return. The local government has established a committee in Marawi to resolve concerns from the displaced community and returnees.",5
6532,"Although off-season irrigated areas are much smaller than main season rainfed areas, recent field reports suggest approximately 50 percent of irrigated crops are infested by Fall Armyworm. These findings suggest that the percentage of cropped area infested by FAW is now much higher than during the main season, when only approximately 9 percent of cultivated areas were infested. However, the overall food security impacts of FAW infestations during the off-season are likely to be much less severe, as only a small percentage of annual production comes from off-season irrigated cropping",0
1588,"Overall, DFSNs anticipate that the food security situation will deteriorate during the period of mid-November 2016 to mid-March 2017. Because winter crops (wheat and barley) will only be harvested in April-May households may experience a transitory food gap during the months of February to April as household stocks of paddy will have been depleted by then. DFSNs forecasted that during mid-November 2016 to mid-March 2017 no VDCs are likely to be classified as severely food insecure (Phase 4); the number of VDCs likely to be classified as highly food insecure (Phase 3) will increase to 46 (from 31 currently); and the number of VDCs likely to be classified as moderately food insecure (Phase 2) will also increase to 179 (from 175 currently). ",3
895,"On 19 March, the first floods were reported by the Belarusian authorities, local media and Belarus Red Cross branches, with 316 flooded houses reported to be flooded in three regions of the country. According to information provided by hydro-meteorological agencies, rapidly-increasing volumes of water are observed across the entire country. The rise of water levels amounts to 10–200 cm per day, depending on the district. The Ministry of Emergencies predicts that 140 villages and towns, a well as community farming projects will be affected by floods in a total of 43 districts. In addition, 70 road segments and 15 bridges, and at least 6,600 garden cottages are estimated to be flooded in the next two weeks. The level of rivers is rising, with ice still covering the rivers Western Dvina, Dniepr, Berezina, Sozh, as well as the Vileiskoe, Chigirinskoe, Zaslavskoe, Soligorskoe, Krasnaya Sloboda water storages, and the lakes Drivyaty, Naroch, Chervonoe. With the melting of ice, significant increases of water levels are expected. Snow is still on the ground in some districts, reaching up to 20 cm. As of 21 March, it was also snowing, which will further worsen the situation with thawing. The daily water-level fluctuation in the rivers is on average 12 cm. In many rivers, the level of water is already above bottom land. Rivers Pripyat, Sluch and Ubort will reach the crucial level of water within a few days. The most critical areas are the ones near village Chernichi, in Gomel region. 1,356 houses have been fully or partially flooded.",10
2845,"Nearly half of the households surveyed reported living in rented accommodation, followed by 18 per cent living in damaged or partially reconstructed (without funding) homes, and 12 per cent were staying with extended or host families. The level of overcrowding is particularly high: almost 30 per cent of surveyed families reside in a one-bedroom shelter and another 36 per cent in a twobedroom shelter. Overcrowding is likely to be a significant factor behind the high levels of gender-based violence (GBV) reported: 49 per cent of surveyed households indicated that displacement had led to an increase in the level of GBV in their families, and 42 per cent reported an increase in violence against children at home.",10
4069,"More than two years of conflict also means damage to societal infrastructure. Medical supplies are flowing into Yemen at a third of the rate of before the conflict began, Tidey said, adding that UNICEF has '95 verified attacks on health facilities, including personnel.'",4
6060,"During the fourth quarter of 2016, 208 incidents affecting 3,049 children were reported through the Monitoring and Reporting Mechanism (MRM). The UN verified 182 incidents affecting 2,005 children. The number of reported incidents dropped from the previous quarter when 342 incidents, affecting 7,859 children, were documented. The drop in numbers is likely related to access constraints to monitor violations in the Greater Equatoria region, which has been destabilized by conflict since July 2016. Most of the incidents, 46 per cent, were documented in the Greater Equatoria region. The Greater Upper Nile region accounted for 31 per cent of documented incidents and the Greater Bahr el Ghazal region for 23 per cent",9
1543,"Over 1 million people are currently displaced, 60% of them in Kasaï Central.  Following recent assessments in the affected areas, the number of people affected by the conflict has doubled since the last update on 4 April 2017, with over 2.44 million people affected by the conflict.  It is estimated that over 1.2 million people require urgent humanitarian assistance, the majority of them being displaced by the conflict.",7
7678,"NFI:NFIs were reported to be the second priority need for 87% of the caseload. 92% reported having lost kitchen items, 92% reported having lost blankets, and 40% reported having lost hygiene items as a result of their displacement.",7
1777,"The injuries occurred in the context of two incidents involving physical assault in the Old City of Jerusalem, and near Ein al Beida community in the northern Jordan Valley. In an additional incident in the latter area, a group of Israeli settlers dismantled around 1,000 meters of water pipes from an irrigation network, and throw them in a trench near the border with Jordan, according to Palestinian eye witnesses. The pipes were installed as part of a donor-funded humanitarian project to support farmers in the area, who regained access to their private land, following an Israeli High Court ruling.",5
8941,"UNHCR and ADRA are working to complete the construction of classrooms, school latrines and offices to improve refugee children’s access to education in Al Waral, Alagaya and Redis II camps in White Nile. Plan Sudan has provided teaching supplies, classroom seating and textbooks for the new school year. Over 4,100 refugee students have so far been registered via enrollment campaigns across the camps. A significant enrollment gap remains, with over 10,200 newly arrived refugee children currently out-of-school. A response plan has been developed and UNHCR and UNICEF are working on allocating resources to address the gap.  UNHCR is leading the construction of 3 additional schools and gender-sensitive school latrines at the Kario camp in East Darfur, and UMCOR has begun the rehabilitation of temporary classrooms with semi-permanent structures in order to improve education access. A lack of teachers’ incentives, school feeding programmes, textbooks and other supplies limit classroom spaces and drive drop-outs among refugee children at Kario. At Al Nimir, a lack of funding for education facilities has left most children living there out-of-school.  In South Kordofan, 280 refugee children among the new arrivals recently registered in El Leri were enrolled in school. UNHCR has initiated the construction of a school latrine and fencing, and FPDO will provide classroom furniture.  ",2
6660,"The United Nations verified 6 attacks on schools and 3 cases of military use. Damage to schools occurred during crossfire between the Colombian military and ELN and as a result of landmines planted by unknown perpetrators. A school in Arauca was also damaged in an aerial bombing by the Colombian military in September. Allegations of teachers being threatened by armed groups, such as ELN and the Autodefensas Gaitanistas de Colombia, were also received.",2
1541,"Cyclone Sagar struck the country on 19 and 20 May, bringing torrential rains. The precipitations received, about 110 mm, were the equivalent of the average rainfall for an entire year and triggered heavy flooding, especially in the capital, Djibouti City, and in the southern Balbala suburb. Up to 50 000 people have been affected and at least 1 500 shelters have been damaged in Djibouti City, potentially displacing at least 7 000 people. Over 100 urban vegetable and fruit plots have been inundated, affecting the livelihoods of over 500 people, including vulnerable migrant workers.",10
6293," A decline in the epidemic trend. During week 7 (week ending 18 February 2018), 79 new cases were reported compared to 115 cases reported in week 6 (week ending 11 February 2018). New cases emerged from 5 Counties, namely Garissa (47), Turkana (12), West pokot (13), Meru (5) and Tharaka Nithi (2). Cumulatively a total of 5,614 cases including 107 deaths have been reported, as from October 2016. Of these, a total of 1,315 cases and 18 deaths have been reported since the beginning of 2018",4
3199,"2,691 AWD/Cholera cases and 22 deaths were reported from 44 districts in 15 regions during the week ending 7th May. ",4
1791,"Four Israeli settler-related incidents resulting in Palestinian injury or property damage were recorded during the reporting period. A 15-year-old Palestinian child was physically assaulted, stripped of his clothes and injured by a group of about 20 Israeli settlers, while he was playing next to his house in Burqa village, close to the evacuated settlement of Homesh (Nablus); the child was found unconscious and evacuated to a hospital.",10
3771,"In Senegal, the upward trend in millet prices continued in September. This situation is justified by the exhaustion of supply in the production areas and the significant demand of processors, traders and consumers. The wholesale and retail market is hardly supplied even in major production areas like Kaolack. In perspective, the market situation could experience an opposite trend by next month because crops have started timidly in some areas. As a result, supply could improve and lead to a decline and gradual stabilization of prices. For sorghum, market transactions have decreased in intensity as supply is running out. Stocks are almost non-existent in the production areas. Only a few wholesalers and intermediaries still hold small stocks that they only sell very gradually to take advantage of high prices. This has led to a slight increase in sorghum prices in the groundnut basin.",3
4058,"So far, there have been about 1.4 million dropouts among school children at the general education age since the beginning of the war in late 2014, added to the 1.7 million school children who dropped out before the war. The total number of children who dropped out of school is therefore 3.1 million.”",2
4876,"Floods have affected the water supply and disrupted the provision of medical care and sanitation actions, heightening the risk of waterborne diseases.Due to the poor hygienic conditions, waterborne diseases are a primary concern, vector control has been made more difficult by saturated water drains and inadequate solid waste disposal, and reports indicate that 509,628 people are without drinking water throughout the country. Moreover, dengue, Zika and chikungunya are present in the country, and there is currently a national health alert for malaria; Consequently, the need to restore water and sanitation conditions and implement vector control actions is vital.",11
7376,"The UN Migration Agency (IOM) transported 84 stranded migrants from Al Hudaydah Port in Yemen to Djibouti on 21 May. Following a hiatus due to rough seas and security challenges, this was the first voluntary humanitarian return organized out of Yemen in two months. ",9
8109,"The cholera outbreak in Malawi is rapidly evolving, with new districts being affected. The disease has now reached the densely populated urban Lilongwe District, at the heart of the country. This outbreak has the potential to spread further and become protracted, as is the case in the sub-region. The national authorities and partners in Malawi need to consolidate efforts, at this early stage, to ensure that the outbreak in contained effectively. There is, therefore, a need to intensify implementation of control interventions, including community engagement and socio-mobilisation, enhanced surveillance, as well as water and sanitation activities.",4
9507,"Following the snowfall, traffic was hit beyond Kufri on the Shimla-Kinnaur highway. Movement of traffic was also hampered at Kharapathar on the Shimla-Rohru road.   Shimla SP DW Negi said, “The road is closed for traffic after snowfall in Kufri.”",6
8558,"In Nigeria, the index case emerged on 16 December 2016 in Ogun state. Since then, the outbreak has remained active. During week 11 (week ending 19 March 2017), 15 suspected cases were reported, with two testing positive for Lassa fever. Between 16 December 2016 and 19 March 2017, a total of 283 suspected cases including 56 deaths (case fatality rate of 19.8%) have been reported. Of the suspected cases, 99 were confirmed by the Lagos University Teaching Hospital Lassa laboratory in Nigeria. The cases have been distributed across 13 states: Ogun, Bauchi, Plateau, Ebonyi, Ondo, Edo, Taraba, Nasarawa, Rivers, Kaduna, Gombe, Cross-River and Borno. ",4
11209,"Surveys conducted by Doctors Without Borders (Médecins Sans Frontières - MSF) in 2015 and 2016 show that 68.3 percent of migrants from the Northern Triangle region of Honduras, El Salvador and Guatemala experienced some form of violence while traveling through Central America and Mexico. ",9
11784,"As of 7 May, at least 311,164 had been displaced by floods across Kenya, according to the National Disaster Management Agency (NDMA). The death toll has risen to at least 132 people, and a further 33 people have been injured. In the evening of 9 May, a dam owned by an irrigation farmer in Solai, Nakuru, burst its banks, killing at least 30 people. The death toll is likely to go up as many people are still missing and search and rescue efforts are ongoing. The Kenya Red Cross Society (KRCS) reports that 500 households require shelter. Media reports that at least 2,500 people are affected. At least 40 counties have been affected by the floods. The government reports that roads have been cut off in nine counties (Garissa, Isiolo, Kisumu, Mandera, Marsabit, Nakuru, Tana River, Turkana and Wajir), seriously affecting transport and the humanitarian response. The overall scope and value of infrastructure damages is not yet known. At least 6,000 livestock have been killed and 8,450 hectares of farmland have been submerged in water. According to the Kenya Meteorological Services rains are expected to continue until the end of May 2018.",5
10258,"The inability to provide for the minimum food requirements to reach or maintain a satisfactory nutritional status for 175,000 people. Agricultural production has suffered immensely from the conflict, leaving people without agricultural inputs (seeds, livestock vaccines & drugs, fertilizer, farm tools, animal feed, machinery rents, and fuel for irrigation pumps) – 10,000 households.",3
9592,"There tends to be a dengue epidemic every two to three years, said Dr. Myat Min Htun of the divisional health department, adding that Irrawaddy Division saw the deadliest dengue outbreak in its history in 2015, when more than 6,000 people were infected and 49 died.",4
1664,"In other provinces that have not been affected by the floods the usual violations were recorded. There were cases of political violence, deprivation of food and denial of rights to education and health care on partisan political grounds.",9
6664,"The cyclone is being compared to the last hurricanestrength tropical cyclone Giovanna that made landfall on Madagascar's east coast on 13 February 2012. ENAWO is predicted to affect approximately 1.4 million people.The cyclone will also trigger life threatening stormsurge flooding, damaging winds, dangerous surf and mud/rockslides near and along the northeast coast of Madagascar starting Tuesday. Downed trees, structural damage to homes and power outages may be widespread in these areas. ENAWO will also bring heavy rainfall to this mountainous island. The damagecaused by floods could potentially affect 8 regions (Analanjirofo, Atsinanana, Sofia, Alaotra Mangoro, Analamanga, Menabe, Vatovavy fitovinany, Atsimo Andrefana)",10
2426,"So nearly 70% of buildings are destroyed or damaged according to the local council that does exist in Raqqa and many services such as water, electricity and health are absent or severely limited, some schools have resumed though they are lacking in school materials and other supplies. And there is one private hospital functioning in the city, no epidemics have been reported though. ",10
4060,"Socio-cultural barriers combined with safety concerns, economic factors, and supply-related issues (e.g. lack of education facilities and gender segregated latrines) are hampering access to education for girls amongst the Rohingya and host communities alike. Better gender mainstreaming, as well as targeted interventions are needed for adolescent girls.",2
1641,"Out of 58 centres with OTP, 30 centres have adequate Nutrition Equipment (MUAC tapes, Weight Scales, Height Board, Bracelets) and 28 OTPs have no or inadequate Nutrition Equipment.",8
9099,"The Far North continues to be the target of Boko Haram attacks. The joint military operations of the Cameroonian and Nigerian armies led to the dispersion of Boko Haram fighters who now carry out isolated actions. The locality of Kolofata recently became the epicentre of this violence with 4 suicide attacks leaving 1 civilian dead and 9 wounded. The dry season has also brought an increase in attacks along the main axes, rendering many areas hard to reach.  ",9
485,"LGA: Kukawa          23-26 May 2017                      Movement: Spontaneous              Trigger: Improved security  Baga: 109 individuals (31 HH) came into Baga from Bonza in Kebbi State and Old Maiduguri, Gomboru Liberty in MMC and Jere respectively. Kukawa: 58 individuals (11 HH) returned to Kukawa from Monguno and Gwange 2 and Jajeri in MMC.    DTM & ETT Cumula?ve: IDPs = 17,304 ",10
8577,"The situation could lead to a catastrophe as the risk of hepatitis A, cholera and parasitic diseases rises due to a large populations using contaminated water. ",4
7620,"Food security conditions are expected to deteriorate on expectations of significant cereal production losses for the ongoing “maha” season, which follows a reduced “yala” harvest in 2016. Subsistence farm households, particularly in the North Western, North Central, Uva and Southern provinces, will likely be most affected and require some humanitarian and emergency recovery assistance. According to the Disaster Management Centre, almost 1 million people in 23 out of 25 districts have been negatively affected by drought conditions. Record prices of rice negatively affect food access and further stress the food security situation of the most vulnerable populations.",3
6343,"Hepatitis E 1242 cases, 12 confirmed related deaths as of 17 March",4
7470,"Funding has recently been secured for the continuation of full rations to South Sudanese refugees through at least November. With this assistance, the population is expected to remain Stressed (IPC Phase 2!) through November.",3
3227,"Protection Seven Best Interest Assessments (BIA) were conducted for Unaccompanied and Separated Children (UASC) to assess the protection risks and temporary care arrangement to ensure their wellbeing. In Melkadida camp, UNHCR facilitated a half day training on Protection from Sexual Exploitation and Abuse (PSEA) for 31 (9 male, 12 female) Community Outreach Workers. The session focused amongst others on the historical background of PSEA, its definition, six core principles of Secretary General’s Bulletin and SEA reporting. Information sharing sessions were conducted with refugees in Melkadida and Hilaweyn camps to explain the current state of resettlement and its impact on the Somali refugee community. The discussions also focused on the dangers of secondary movement to Libya and beyond. The refugees expressed serious concern regarding movement of the youth from the camp to seek asylum in Europe through Libya.  ",9
9129,"Prices of staple foods throughout the country continued to decrease in May, thanks to recent cereal harvests, but remain above the 5-year average. Local rice prices decreased by 6 percent compared to April and are comparable to last year, except in Southwestern Madagascar where markets are poorly supplied because of the recent failed harvest. Prices are the double of last year because goods, particularly poor quality dried cassava from last year’s harvest in the district of Ambovombe, must travel farther to reach these markets.In a typical year in the south, households would still consume own-production of maize in May but this year they are mostly accessing cassava at markets, at higher than usual prices, as most poor households have already exhausted their own cassava stocks. Households also complement market purchases with cactus fruits or leaves. Due to high market prices and depleted own production, some poor households in Beloha have started to consume immature tubers from their fields. As a result, it is expected that food security conditions for many households will continue to deteriorate, particularly in the second half of 2018.",8
357,"These communities are not connected to running water and depend on water delivered in trucks by aid organizations every day. Because of the access restrictions, the organizations have not been able to deliver water since 15 November, and the residents have been suffering a water shortage. On Thursday, 9 November, at 9:00 A.M., military forces equipped with a digger arrived in the area. They blocked off the roads leading from Khirbet Jenbah, Khirbet al-Fakhit and Khirbet al-Halawah to the main road, Route 317, with dirt piles and rocks. This prevented residents from accessing the main road, but did not prevent travel between the communities.",11
2860,"The presence of mines and ERW continued to threaten the lives and livelihoods of civilians, and to compromise the ability of humanitarian actors to safely carry out their duties. Constraints related to access (unable to provide protection services, clear roads, etc.)",9
9251,"Instead of obtaining insulin at health centres for free (exclusive to Libyan nationals, as migrants and refugees are not eligible to register), patients have increasingly had to rely on private channels, where its price has dramatically increased (500-600%) since 2014. More recently, insulin has been consistently available at private pharmacies, but concerns about quality and rising prices remain.",4
8680,"Crisis (IPC Phase 3) acute food insecurity will persist in the Diffa region until September 2017. The persistent security crisis has severely reduced food and income access for poor households and has resulted in the displacement of many households that are now dependent on humanitarian aid. In some parts of the region, humanitarian access difficulties result in inadequate aid coverage and inadequate food availability that are likely to worsen nutritional outcomes over the coming months.",5
1449,"Some 5.6 million people need urgent humanitarian assistance. Failed rains from late September to November caused a new drought in Oromia, Somali and SNNP regions. Prioritization of the woredas receiving emergency relief as of December 2016 indicates that from a total of 454 priority woredas, 192 are priority one, 174 priority two and 88 priority three.   In the recent classification, the overwhelming majority of the priority woredas are found in newly drought affected areas, in the south and south eastern parts of the country. ",3
7260,"Last October, the World Bank announced it would increase funding to tackle stunting in Bangladesh to $1 billion over the next three years from about $330 million it has invested in two programs. ",8
6903,"Based on field reports 9 , the main production challenges affecting farmers during this crop growing season included a shortage of insecticides and fungicides, high costs of irrigation (especially in March), lack of access to fertilizers due to high prices and the difficulty of securing quality crop seeds. Due to drastic decline in local production, fertilizers currently available in the country are mostly imported. The price of 50kg bags of fertilizers such as urea and phosphorous averaged SYP 9 000 (USD16) and SYP 6 000 (USD10) respectively. The cost of irrigation varied by governorate and crops. For example, the cost of irrigation per hectare of wheat ranged between USD150 and USD350 in different governorates, depending on the cost of diesel and the depth of groundwater abstraction. Field reports (March 2017) indicated pest (voles, sunn pest eurygaster integriceps and leaf hoppers) outbreaks in Idleb, Hama and Aleppo. While pest outbreaks were under control in most locations, damage from leafhoppers is likely to cause significant reduction in yields in parts of Idleb.",3
8402,"The report records 3,415 cases of arbitrary arrest between the start of 2018 and June of the same year.",9
4803,"Harsh winter conditions continued to affect vulnerable refugees and other migrants in December, an estimated 41% of whom were living in substandard shelters susceptible to rain and cold temperatures. Some 100 incidents of tents collapsing due to winter conditions have been reported in makeshift refugee settlements. With average winter temperatures ranging between -5 and 10 degrees Celsius, the typically coldest regions in Lebanon have the highest concentration of refugees. IOM reported that two Syrian refugees died entering Lebanon via snowy mountain passes.",10
7858,"Pachiko told Radio Tamazuj yesterday that nearly 200,000 villagers are facing dire humanitarian conditions due to shortages of food and other basic services in the state. We have assessed the situation and we found out that the people have fled and left their belongings behind. Even they didn’t harvest their crops because they ran away after Riek Machar and his forces arrived in their areas,",3
8992,"mpact of economic reforms on the poorest and most vulnerable populations: Starting in July 2016, the Egyptian Government has implemented a series of economic reforms as a requirement to receive a loan by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) of USD 12 billion. The reforms include the revision of the electricity subsidies, the transition from the sales taxes to the value-added taxes, the floating of the Egyptian currency, and a partial lift of the fuel subsidy. As part of the government’s energy subsidy reform plan, fuel prices increased by up to 47 percent. Collectively, these factors led to a historic peak of annual inflation in Consumer Price Index (CPI) to 24.3 percent while inflation in overall food index increased by 29 percent in December. The annual inflation rate in food prices during December 2016 was 87 percent higher than in December 2015, directly affecting the purchasing power of the poorest and most vulnerable.",3
11718,Kenyan military has announced it will bomb Boni forest in Kenya’s coastal county of Lamu to annihilate Al-Shabaab militants who have launched several attacks on civilians.,9
6460,Some 310 families arrived in Kalonda Kibuyu in the eastern Maniema province between 1 and 8 March from neighbouring Tanganyika province where they fled intercommunity clashes that broke out in February. They add to some 640 households who also fled incursions by armed men within Maniema.Humanitarian actors are planning a mission to assess the needs.,7
1595,From the discussions it came out that borrowing is a common practice amongst the refugees. Mostly they borrow food (Maize) with the minority borrowing money occasionally. ,5
8786,"Despite ongoing peace efforts, daily clashes and rapid escalation of hostilities prevail, as conflict continues to claim lives and generate more needs. Shelling of critical infrastructure, such as hospitals, schools, water and energy supply systems and houses is reported almost daily. Multiple disruption of water supply alone has affected more than 3 million people since the beginning of 2017. ",4
9676,"Priority needs Shelter, Electricity, Agriculture, Road Infrastructure, and Health Facility Rehabilitation",4
8811,"flooding in Bulungan and Nunukan districts, North Kalimantan Province. In Nunukan, flood has submerged 5,037 houses and affected nearly 1,500 families. Meanwhile in Bulungan, 296 people were displaced due to the floodFlood also affected Central Kalimantan Province. 730 houses in West Kotawaringin district were submerged so as 420 houses in East Kotawaringin district.  Additionally, 526 families were affected by flood in Langkat, North Sumatra Province.",10
2176,"• Delivery of relief supplies and medicines to affected areas and shelters, as well as health workers reaching emergency shelters to provide health services, remains logistically challenging. • Displaced local health workers require support to rebuild homes and families. ",4
5138,"“The closure of the current centre is not a solution if people are simply being moved from one abusive location to another. Reports that the new facilities are unfinished and leave refugees at risk of violence are extremely concerning. Authorities must ensure that the safety and well-being of refugees is given priority,” said Audrey Gaughran.",9
7035,"Olua I/IIThere are few opportunities for livelihoods and income generation. Savings and Credit Cooperative Societies (SACCOs) are not active in the settlement and start-up capital for businesses is not readily available. Some host community landowners have reportedly reclaimed land that was previously rented to groups of refugee farmers, further limiting livelihoods opportunities. Persons with specific needs (PSNs) are also more vulnerable to having their livestock stolen because they are not as easily able to protect their property. ",5
10166,"The cholera outbreak continues to intensify and is the most severe, longest and most widespread outbreak since the onset of the 2013 crisis. Since June 2016, 8,160 cases including 248 deaths (case fatality rate 3.1 per cent) have been reported from 19 counties. Children and young adults under 30 years are the most affected, constituting 70 per cent of casesA total of 266 cases of cholera were reported in May, 161 of which were from Kapoeta North County in Eastern Equatoria. Cumulatively, 8,160 cases with 248 deaths (case fatality rate 3.1 per cent) have been reported since the outbreak began in June 2016. The case fatality rate in 2017 is the highest so far recorded compared to previous outbreaks, with case fatality rates around 2.3 per cent in 2014 and 2.6 per cent 2015. Areas showing current active cholera transmission are Yirol East, Yirol West and Awerial in Lakes State; Duk, Ayod, Pigi and Fangak in Jonglei; Kodok in Upper Nile; and Kapoeta in Eastern Equatoria. Additionally, new alerts of cholera cases have been reported from Akobo (Jonglei), Uror (Jonglei), Kapoeta North (Eastern Equatoria), Kapoeta East (Eastern Equatoria), Tonj East (Warrap) and Yei (Central Equatoria) counties.",4
7411," A serious water shortage is being experienced in the Omusati, Ohangwena, Oshana and Oshikoto regions after the seasonal efundja flood caused extensive damage to NamWater's infrastructure, resulting in water from the Calueque Dam not reaching the Oshakati treatment plant.",11
11510,"Health experts credit an awareness of the disease among the population and local medical staff's experience treating for past successes containing its spread.  Congo's vast, remote geography also gives it an advantage, as outbreaks are often localised and relatively easy to isolate.",4
3324,"Similarly, following late and erratic rainfall, most spring-benefitting areas in Amhara region received good amounts of rain since the third week of April. The April rains favored planting of long cycle crops in the eastern parts of the region. Out of the planned arable land, nearly 84 per cent was planted mostly with barely, wheat and pulse crops. The late planting will likely push the harvesting time. In Somali region, most woredas of Jarar zone received good rains according to the Zonal Early Warning coordinator. The rains have brought improvements in water availability for people and livestock as well as pasture for animals. In Afar region however, pasture and water resources remain depleted due to the poor performance of spring rains to date. ",3
10368,"Known as the Electronic Crimes Law, this law broadly empowers the PA to imprison Palestinians for publishing on websites or social media any statement critical of Abbas, his rule or the authority. It also allows it to block any website critical of Abbas. The passage of this law, and the PA’s subsequent actions, make clear that neither Israel nor the authority will tolerate dissent; their respective actions do not simply target the press but also those who speak out, as in the case of Amro. As part of Israel’s tactics to quash dissent, it has arrested Palestinians, including Palestinian citizens of Israel, for writing poems, for criticising Israel on Facebook and for broadcasting stories critical of Israel, its occupation or leadership. To this end, Israel recently announced it would ban al-Jazeera from operating for allegedly inciting violence.",9
7866,"1.2 million people in need of education:? 90 % of schools do not have School Feeding programme (91% ECDE & 87% primary, Data from 10 counties) ? Only about 30 % of enrolled children get food (362,438 of 1,228,091) and 1,274 schools have no access to water",2
4325,"However, according to the last Cadre Harmonis analysis conducted in the country, about 66000 people are estimated to be in Phase:3Crisis and above.",5
9408,"In Hiiraan there are no health facilities in most assessed villages, especially among the pastoralist communities.  ",4
11354,"WHO hopes Yemeni cholera outbreak is half done at 218,000 cases",4
1357,"There were reports of people forced to contribute money, livestock or other food items towards the Independence celebrations. Those who failed to contribute were accused of being opposition party supporters and unspecified action was threatened against them. In Mbare, Harare, flea markets were closed as traders reported that they were forced to attend the Independence celebrations. There were similar reports of business closures in Nyanga North as traders were forced to attend Independence celebrations. The demand for cash and other contributions took place as the cash liquidity crunch intensified. Queues at most financial institutions got longer while it was not surprising for clients to be offered cash in the form of bond coins as the bond note disappeared.",9
10366,"In Burundi, 330 cholera cases were reported in six health districts in 2017, with zero deaths.36 These multiple small outbreaks had been contained by the beginning of 2018, but are the consequence of an increasing shortage of safe water since the beginning of the political crisis in 2015 and the budget reduction in this sector",4
5050,"In addition, displaced populations are in dire need of basic NFI kits and shelter, as most of those who fled, lost everything while fleeing for safely, and their villages were completely or partially destroyed. Existing ethnic and tribal tensions have worsened, thus communities are in need of support for peaceful cohabitation and cohesion building including some targeted advocacy work.",7
4376,The source further added that the retreat was made after growing number f troops casualties and lack of supplies by the government.,9
2001,"Kilo 60 and Kilo 18 are intended as short-term temporary sancturies, and struggle to keep pace with the rate of arrivals. Before June, over 90 per cent of the people who arrived from western Anbar were moved on to better-equipped camps and host communities in eastern Anbar and adjacent governorates. For the past month, people arriving at the transit sites are prevented from moving to camps in the east, and Kilo 60 and Kilo 18 are filling up quickly. In the last week of June, Kilo 60 doubled its population, bringing the camp to almost full capacity. Protection is also a growing issue of concern in the camps. On the afternoon of 2 July, a suicide attack targeting camp residents took place in Kilo 60, killing 14 people.",7
1052,"Nearly three-quarters of primary school-aged children in South Sudan are being denied an education due to civil war and a food crisis.The world’s newest nation has 72% of children out of school at primary level - the highest rate of any country.And 76% of schoolgirls in South Sudan are currently not in school - also the highest rate globally, according to the United Nations children's agency UNICEF.",2
2022,"During the forecast period, small-scale breeding could occur in parts of the interior in Saudi Arabia and Yemen, and in a few places in northeast Morocco, central Algeria and southeast Iran. Although this may cause locust numbers to increase slightly, they will remain below threatening levels and no signifi cant developments are likely.",0
1806,"In one assessment by the World Food Programme, more than 15 percent of children in Pool were found to be suffering from acute malnutrition. Thirty children on the brink of death were brought to Brazzaville for treatment, but three of them died.",8
2948,"Gender inequality is both the cause and the consequence of violence against women and girls, said Oxfam today, as the agency launches a new global campaign called “Enough: Together We Can End Violence Against Women and Girls” to stop one of the most prolific human rights violations.  ",9
10539,"Refugees living in protracted situations in Darfur and eastern Sudan remain largely dependent on humanitarian aid, with a very small percentage having access to livelihood opportunities. Approximately 8,500 refugees from Chad live in two sites in Central Darfur. Spontaneous returns continue to be supported; however, the residual Chadian refugee population remains dependent on humanitarian assistance while they await the finalization of a formal repatriation agreement. More than 1,450 refugees from CAR are also living in the Darfur region, mostly in urban settlements around Nyala. Access to education, medical referrals and livelihood opportunities are among the key needs to be addressed.",4
10678,"There has been a notable increase in conflict in Jonglei, central Unity, and Lakes between October and December . In addition to t he loss of life, the violence has caused displacement, restricted household s’ movement towards fields , and forced aid workers to relocate , all of which are contributing to continue d extreme acute food insecurity. It is highly unlikely food security will improve until there is a resolution to the conflict , and urgent actio n to facilitate such is needed .",3
7998,"Chronic and severe underfunding has reached a point where critical life-saving help risks becoming dangerously compromised. Transit and reception facilities are rapidly becoming overwhelmed. Significant challenges are being faced in providing refugees with adequate food rations, health and educational services, and sufficient clean water; a dire situation further compounded by the onset of heavy rains. ",1
8606,"An estimated 3.4 million people in Kenya are food-insecure and in need of humanitarian assistance—a 31 percent increase from the estimated 2.6 million food-insecure people identified in March, according to the results of the Government of Kenya (GoK)-led long rains assessment, released in early August. The current caseload represents the highest number of food-insecure people in Kenya since 2011.Of the total food-insecure population, approximately 2.6 million people are experiencing Crisis—IPC 3—and higher levels of acute food insecurity, and an estimated 800,000 people are facing Stressed—IPC 2—levels. The current caseload represents the country’s highest number of foodinsecure people since 2011. The assessment attributes deteriorating food security to previous years of below-average rainfall, reduced crop production, crop damage from FAW infestations, high staple food prices, and reduced food stocks at the household and national levels. The GoK and food security stakeholders—including FEWS NET, WFP, and NGOs—expect current food insecurity levels to persist through the end of 2017.",3
10547,"Across the country, 198 schools are running a double shift system whereby a different cohort of children attends in either the morning or the afternoon.",2
11118,Inflation rates expected to increase in 2018 due to high Government spending combined with declining export revenues.Food and livestock prices generally at high levels driven by limited supplies and market disruptions due to ongoing conflict.Food security situation continues to deteriorate due to humanitarian crisis in Kasai Region and inter-communal conflicts in Tanganyika Region and eastern parts of country.,3
10731,"The complex humanitarian and protection crisis in the Central African Republic that began in 2012 continues to cause suffering and instability. In 2018, an estimated 2.5 million people, including 1.3 million children, will be in need of humanitarian assistance. Nearly one in four Central Africans is displaced, with 600,000 displaced internally and 538,000 living as refugees in neighbouring countries. An estimated 1.1 million people are moderately or severely food insecure, and in 2018, an estimated 37,281 children under 5 years will suffer from severe acute malnutrition (SAM). Less than half of all children are fully immunized. Of the 1.7 million people without access to safe water, 800,000 are children. With the upsurge in violence, the recruitment and use of children by armed groups increased by 50 per cent between 2016 and 2017. Due to insecurity, approximately one in four children is out of school.",11
5134,"In South Kordofan, humanitarian access has remained cut off for the now less than 25,000 people who live in the SPLM-N controlled area, according to a monitoring unit. In the state’s government-controlled areas, 354,500 people were in need of humanitarian assistance in 2017, including 218,500 displaced and refugees.  ",1
10154,"Farmers in North Darfur's Kutum locality have complained of herders who drive camels into their farms, sometimes threatening the farmer by force of arms. The grazing destroys the vegetables and fruit. Speaking to Radio Dabanga, farmers reported that on Saturday and Sunday, herders drove their cattle to graze on the gardens on the banks of the river (wadi) in Kutum, causing the destruction of “large areas planted with okra, watermelons, tomatoes and fruit orchards”.They estimated the losses at thousands of Sudanese pounds, and called on the authorities to stop the herders' activities so that they can harvest the crops.The shortage of food in Darfur, driven by drought and displacement, is exacerbated by frequent raids on farms by herders who allow their livestock to graze on farmers’ crops. A report released in December 2016 warns that parts of Sudan could become uninhabitable as a result of climate change.Much of Sudan has become progressively unsuitable for agriculture and villages, as a result of the hotter climate and erratic rainfall, Bianca Britton wrote in an updated report on the CNN site.  ",3
5327,"Two hundred schools in northern Burkina Faso have closed, leaving around 20,000 pupils and 800 teachers idle, authorities say.",2
6395,Pakistan’s civilian government is pursuing a high-risk strategy in authorizing its army to conduct cross-border strikes against terrorists.,9
939,“More than a million children are out of primary school and another million are out of secondary school. At least 750 primary schools remain closed in the northern and central parts of the country due to insecurity.,2
483,"Some 400,000 families, or 1.4 million people, living in areas known to be geological disaster hot spots will be relocated, according to a government plan released Wednesday. These families live in areas where geological disasters can not be prevented or reduced through human intervention, according to the plan, and they will be moved by the end of 2020.",1
5129,"Currently health partners are projecting some 36,000 AWD cases in 2018 with 6 million people at risk. ",4
1891,Another avalanche in Dawz Bala in Badakhshan province is reported to have killed 10 people and injured 12.,10
2677,"A mission by UNICEF protection partners and by WFP to the villages of return of the children with their families showed that the islands were not uninhabited as initially believed. The Humanitarian Country Team had requested an intercluster assessment mission, which took place from 10 and 15 February to visit 14 out of 22 initial villages of return. The mission estimated the affected population in visited areas at nearly 40,000 people, 30% of whom are school-aged children. 10 of the villages were on islands on the lake, while 4 were on land near IDP sites. Although the protection needs of the returnees was particularly acute, the overall humanitarian needs on the islands are the same for the entire population: stressed livelihoods, lack of access to basic services like health and education, absence of safe drinking water, and need for non-food items to protect children from the elements. The very difficult physical access to remote island villages was highlighted as a major challenge to humanitarian assistance and for the presence of the government through public services.",5
418,"WFP’s distributions to internally displaced persons (IDP) camps in central Rakhine State were halted from 25 August to 11 September due to security concerns among service providers and cooperating partners. On 12 September, following discussions with the Rakhine State Government, WFP was able to resume its operations.With logistics support from the local authorities, WFP recommenced food distributions for IDPs and other most vulnerable populations in Kyak Taw, Kyauk Phyu, Mrauk U, Myebon, Pauktaw and Sittwe Townships. All the 50,000 people, who missed out on their normal August rations, were prioritized and reached with the September distributions. On 07 October, WFP completed the September food distributions reaching 74,000 out of the targeted 111,000 people in central Rakhine. No distributions took place in Rathedaung Township, which remained out of reach due to access restrictions. ",3
405," Palestinian prisoners held in Israel’s Etzion Prison have been given only one very small meal and one blanket, each, during the cold winter months, a report revealed on Tuesday.",9
3729,"Amid access dangers and difficulties, the Philippine Red Cross (PRC) deployed a humanitarian caravan that will provide much-needed assistance to Biliran province, one of the areas worst hit by Tropical Storm Urduja.PRC Chairman Dick Gordon said it’s Christmas in a few days but its staff and volunteers are working hard to bring water and relief items to affected communities in the province.He said a 15,000-litter water bladder was positioned strategically at the Biliran Provincial Hospital to provide water regularly to patients and healthcare workers,and residents nearby. The PRC is also providing anti-tetanus vaccines to injured individuals in the province.The caravan consists of ambulances, a 5,000-liter water tanker, six water bladders, five tap stands, water treatment set, and portable generator sets. So far, the PRC has distributed hot meals to 8,299 individuals in Northern Samar, Ormoc City, Surigao City, Leyte, Masbate, Eastern Samar, and Camarines Norte.",4
4371,"Sri Lanka Red Cross (SLRC) is one of the few aid organisations on the ground in Pilakudiyiruppu, working with the local authorities to provide resettled families with basic amenities like kitchen utensils, mosquito nets, mattresses, and sheets of tarpaulin. ",7
2512,"There was a gradual decline in the number of cases in the country in week 12 through week 21. In week 22 there was an increase in the number of cases in the country from Somali, Oromia and Amhara Regions. This could be attributed to the suspension of water trucking in some parts of Somali region and the increase of availability of run-off water from rainfall in the past three weeks. In Addis Ababa, there have been no reports of AWD cases since the initial report of a single case with a history of travel to the Wolayita Zone of SNNP region. In week 22 of 2017 (29 May 2017 to 04 June 2017), a total of 1,010 cases were reported in Amhara, Oromia and Somali regions. Ninety percent (90%) of these reported cases were from the Somali region. ",4
10703,"An infectious disease outbreak in the DRC—or anywhere in the world for that matter—poses a threat everywhere. Pathogens don’t respect borders and can travel quickly from even the most remote places to major cities around the globe. Population growth and urbanization in the last several decades have forced people and animals into tighter living quarters, increasing opportunities for zoonotic disease transmission. Meanwhile, synthetic disease creation raises risks of bioterrorism or accidental pathogen release from a laboratory.",4
6687,"Authorities in the Turkish city of Istanbul have banned a parade organised by the local lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community due to security concerns, as ultranationalist groups threatened to block the event.",9
1697,"The identified rate of malnutrition among FDMNs does not differ between boys and girls. However, the presence of girls is higher in feeding programmes. Perception of boys being stronger than girls could be detrimental for these nutrition programme. ",8
63,"Masai appealed to well-wishers to donate food and non-food items for more than 6,000 affected families.",10
7754,"Turning to Libya, our humanitarian colleagues say they are concerned by a further escalation of violence in Derna, in eastern Libya. Conflict has now moved into densely populated areas placing civilians trapped in the city at considerable risk. There are also reports that civilians wishing to leave the city are unable to do so. The United Nations calls for the protection of civilians under applicable international humanitarian and human rights law and urges the parties to the conflict to allow civilians who wish to leave to do so. Derna’s only hospital is in an area of active conflict and has reportedly ceased operations. Humanitarian needs in the city are rapidly increasing, with severe shortages of medicine and medical supplies, food, water, fuel and cooking gas reported. While limited medical equipment entered Derna last week, this does not address the urgent needs. Humanitarian workers are distributing urgently needed items to several hundred families which have managed to leave Derna. However, all items pre-positioned to enter the area to respond to life-saving needs are pending approval by the Libyan National Army. Calls by the Humanitarian Coordinator for a humanitarian pause to allow for the entry of humanitarian goods and for the safe passage of civilians remain unheeded.",1
7449,"as of May 19th 1,374,425 people have been affected or severely affected in the country as a result of the rain and flooding produced by El Niño coastal phenomenon.  49,623 homes are destroyed or uninhabitable and more than 260,000 homes are affected; 253 schools have collapsed or are uninhabitable and 2,617 are affected; there are also 63 collapsed or uninhabitable health facilities.",10
11215,"Torit ‘meningitis’ outbreak death toll rises The death toll of the suspected meningitis outbreak in Torit West has risen to 13 and over 40 people have been hospitalized for the disease, Imatong state health minister has announced.Imatong state minister of health, Paska Hivita Oduho, says the disease is spreading to the adjacent areas.Earlier today, the state health authorities reported 5 deaths.So far, over 20 people have been reported dead since the outbreak was first reported in Ayaci County on Monday. ",4
6219," Officials in flood-prone areas have been instructed to closely follow weather conditions and prepare to dispatch mobile units to assist those in need. Warnings will be issued to at-risk residents near water sources, foothills, and areas that have been affected in the past. Officials have also been instructed to prepare shelters to accommodate people in the event of an evacuation.  The current inundation in 10 provinces is affecting 101 districts and over 200,000 households.",10
3129,"At the moment a pharmacies in the north do not have medicine, as most of them are still waiting for their orders to arrive",4
6209,"Three camps for IDPs have been closed down in the Kyaukphyu, Pauktaw and Ramree townships, Thaung Tun, National Security Advisor to Myanmar government, said in a statement published on state-run newspapers.",10
2922,"More than 60,000 displaced people lack food and shelter in Kodok ",3
4829,"Even more alarming, he says, is the fact that “it occurred in a very remote and insecure place where it’s very difficult to go. And that’s the main problem, for the time being. There is no one to control the outbreak because we are still trying to organize a kind of rescue operation to go there.” ",10
700,"The Rohingya are also subject to many restrictions in day to day life: banned from travelling without authorization and prohibited from working outside their villages, they cannot marry without permission and, due to movement restrictions, they lack sufficient access to livelihood opportunities, medical care and education.Due to restrictions to the number of children per couple, thousands of children are left with no birth registration documents, further restricting their access to basic services and decreasing the chance for a decent life.",5
6622,"More than 1.1 million people have been affected, including 155,000 displaced. Of the affected population, some 309,000 are boys, girls and adolescences.  • With 29 per cent of the affected population, he Department of Piura is bearing the brunt of the floods and mudslides.  • Some of the most pressing needs are related to WASH, Health, Food Security and Shelter sectors.  • Although the majority of displaced people are with host families, some 22,500 people have moved to 135 official temporary shelters in nine departments.",11
11400,"From 25 November 2017 through 23 February 2018, 1065 cases including 43 deaths (case fatality rate = 4%) have been reported from 32 out of 35 health zones in Kinshasa province.Since the end of November 2017, Kinshasa province has been facing an outbreak of cholera. In January 2018, following intensive rains and flooding events, case numbers increased from less than five to more than 100 weekly reported cases. However since mid-January, there has been a downward trend in the number of suspected and confirmed cholera cases (Figure 1).",4
3084,"In what sounded like a response, the CPJ stated, “terrorism is the pretext that Egypt’s government has used to jail most of the journalists,” under the headline, “As Egypt-US relationship moves forward, jailed Egyptian journalists left behind,” noting that journalists are continuing to be jailed for their alleged affiliation with the now-outlawed Muslim Brotherhood. ",9
11133,"The electricity supply to Gaza's 2 million residents has dropped to unprecedented lows, with blackouts lasting for more than 24 hours, the territory's power distribution company said Thursday, prompting fears of a humanitarian and environmental crisis.The Palestinian enclave needs at least 400 megawatts of power a day, but only 70 megawatts were available as of late Wednesday, when Gaza's power plant shut down after fuel shipments from Egypt were interrupted following a militant attack last week.Several neighborhoods were without electricity for more than 24 hours on Thursday.Diesel fuel from neighboring Egypt had kept the station running at half capacity since June 21, but deliveries were interrupted after a deadly attack on Egyptian soldiers last week near the border. Gaza's power station has low storage capacity, and requires new fuel shipments on an almost daily basis.",7
8342,"Throughout the conflict, humanitarian compounds and supplies have been attacked and looted, including in Juba, Leer, Nhiladiu, Malakal, Mundri and Pibor in 2016. From 1 January to 28 November 2016, there were 64 reported incidents of looting of humanitarian facilities and assets across 32 counties. Only 43 per cent of the country’s health facilities (595 out of 1,384) have remained functional, providing extremely minimal services in the face of a chronic lack of essential medicines, limited funding and high operational costs. Some 190 health facilities have been directly affected by conflict, with 106 closed and at least 29 looted or destroyed since December 2013. Education infrastructure has also been dramatically impacted by violence. It is estimated that more than 1.17 million children have lost access to education due to conflict and displacement. A representative survey undertaken in November 2016 found that around 25 per cent of primary schools in South Sudan are closed, primarily due to insecurity and displacement of teachers and students. The survey also found widespread attacks against schools. Some 31 per cent of open schools had been subjected to at least one attack since December 2013, with schools in the Greater Upper Nile most affected. Almost 16 per cent of the open schools had been hit by bullets, and around 10 per cent had seen occupation of classrooms by armed actors. Over 34 per cent of the open schools reported having endured theft or looting at least one time since December 2013.",4
4088,"In two of the largest camps currently hosting displaced people from Deir e-Zor and Raqqa, camp administrators and medical officials tell Syria Direct that they are struggling to provide adequate shelter and medical care as winter approaches.",4
8276,"The pace of evictions has stepped up notably in 2017 amid calls from Lebanese officials for the country’s 1.5 million refugees to return to Syria. In early April, the army told up to 11,000 displaced Syrians that they had five days to leave the area surrounding the Rayak air base. Then, the mass relocation of refugees was orchestrated by the municipality of Miziara early last month. The expulsion came in response to the rape and murder of a 20-year-old Lebanese woman by a Syrian concierge. Following the event, Haddath increased its evictions and Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil visited the suburb — considered a bastion of electoral support for his political party, the Free Patriotic Movement — and praised the municipality’s efforts.",9
2281,"The Maputo Regional Water Company (AdeM) is pumping water to each neighbourhood on alternate days. This is not a major problem for people who have tanks on the roofs of their houses which can store water for a couple of days, but people who rely on standpipes may find themselves seriously short of water.",11
7686,"Twenty-three (23)* cases of circulating vaccine-derived poliovirus type-2(cVDPV2) have been confirmed in Syria —22 cases are from Mayadeen (AlMayadin) district, Deir Ez-Zor (Dayr Az Zawr) governorate, and 1 case from TellAbyad district, Raqqa (Ar Raqqah) governorate. The most recent case had onsetof paralysis on 28 May.*Situation report #3, dated 4 July 2017, indicated a total of 24 cVDPV2 cases as part of thisoutbreak. Specimens collected from a Raqqa district AFP case have been retested as per standardpractice and secondary testing showed negative results for poliovirus isolation. The case was thusdiscarded, bringing the total number of confirmed cases down to 23.",4
9868,"• The passage of Enawo has destroyed entirely about 11,000 houses, severely damaged (meaning loss of roofs). • More than 15,000 houses are flooded in 8 districts. • The population can quickly return and rebuild, but the quality of construction is certainly lower and much needed resources must be redirected to this activity",10
5058,"Of the 38 209 consultations reported, 32% were for ARI, 10% AWD, 7% skin diseases, 6% unexplained fever, 4% injury, 2% bloody diarrhea and 40% others; ? 71 deaths were reported - 41% due to ARI, 8% injury, 7% AWD, 7% neonatal disease, 4% cardiovascular disease, 3% suspected malaria, 3% meningitis like disease and 7% unknown causes; ? Between 10-25 September, 22 suspected measles cases reported from CXB. Lab results showed 64% positive for measles specific IgM, 18% negative and for 18% results are still awaited and ? Between 18 September and 5 October, 112 water samples from different water sources in CXB were tested using membrane filtration technique. Only 23% were found negative for E.Coli while 77% tested positive for fecal contamination. Further, 40% of all positive samples were very highly contaminated (> 100 cfu/100 ml), 17% highly contaminated (>50 and <100 cfu/100 ml) and 43% had intermediate contamination (<50 cfu/100 ml). Of the contaminated samples, 59% were collected from water stored at household level, and 35% from tube wells. No contamination was found in any tested supply reservoirs. Location wise, highest contamination found in Kutupalong settlement.",11
749,"The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights has documented since the Syrian revolution started in March 2011, and until today the 31st of October 2017, the death of 324 at least, including 59 child and 31 citizen women, the number of the casualties documented by the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights since the start of the Syrian revolution until the 12th of September 2017, all of them were killed in the continued targeting by the Turkish border guards",9
127,"The conflict in Syria is taking its toll on the population, with more people showing signs of mental health disorders, ranging from mild to severe. More than half of all Syrians are estimated to be in need of mental health and psychosocial support services, and one in 4 children is at risk of a developing mental health disorder.Unfortunately, in many cases, these conditions are often ignored or trivialized, sometimes resulting in serious long-term consequences.  ",4
6171,"With the monsoon season set to begin in March, an estimated 107,000 refugees were living in areas in Bangladesh that were prone to flooding or landslides,Tens of thousands of particularly vulnerable refugees needed to be urgently relocated, the foundations of existing shelters needed to be strengthened, bridges needed to be built and reinforced, and new land must be found and made available, he underlined. ",10
11746,"efugees search for jobs outside the camp. In response, they said that as refugees, they are not allowed to work outside the camp. They said that they cannot even go outside to do any business as are required to leave all their cards behind, even the cards they use for receiving rations. They reported that it would be very difficult for them to go out and search for jobs outside the camp as they only get a single day to stay outside the camp. They indicated that the only job available to them would be food distribution in the camps but that’s even done by Malawians. They complained that all construction jobs are done by Malawians in the camp. They said that there are many doctors, teachers et cetera but that they are idle as they do not have real opportunities to work.",5
6548,"The number of residents who had taken refuge at Witu AIC Church had increased from 35 people to more than 100, with many more expected.  Kenya Red Cross Society county coordinator Kauthar Alwy said 32 families, mostly from Jima and Poromoko villages in Lamu West were  at the church.",10
2251,As of 12  May :  Meningtitis: 484 cases of whom 104 are confirmed and 34 deaths (CFR: 7.0%) since 03 february.,4
3096,"Estimates show that of the 65,000 children who have been released in the past 10 years, more than 20,000 were in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, nearly 9,000 in the Central African Republic, and over 1,600 children in Chad. ",9
9069,"Thousands of internally displaced persons (IDPs) continue to flee west Mosul daily. About 7,500 IDPs reportedly arrived at Hammam Al-Alil screening site, 25 km south of Mosul, on 12 April. IDPs undergo a final security clearance in Hammam Al-Alil before proceeding onwards to camps or urban locations. Most of the displaced families choose to be transferred to east Mosul, where they either join relatives, rent accommodation, or occupy empty buildings. IDPs interviewed by UNHCR’s partner reported that the volatile security situation in west Mosul and the lack of services, including potable water, pushed them to leave the city. According to the government, 297,000 persons have been displaced from west Mosul since military operations to retake the west bank of the city began on 19 February.",9
9648,"Seven people were arrested and several women and children reportedly suffered burns when Sudanese police forcibly demolished large parts of Kombo Aftas in El Hasahisa in El Gezira state on Wednesday. Jaafar Mohamed, the secretary-general of the Kanabi Association, told Radio Dabanga that the government bulldozers, accompanied by a large police force using excessive force and tear gas, destroyed large parts of Kombo Aftas.",9
10905,"Since FAW was first reported in March 2017 in SNNP region, it has now spread to all the regions, affecting mainly maize – Ethiopia’s leading cereal in terms of production and causing significant crop losses of up to 73 per cent. The average yield loss caused by FAW in 2017 was estimated to be 5.257 per cent. Some 692,963 hectares of land (22.16 per cent of the total maize area in the country) was infested in 417 woredas/districts. Infestation was highest in meher, affecting 27 per cent of the total meher planted maize",0
11368,"The humanitarian and security situation remains very fragile in several provinces of the country, particularly in Ituri, North Kivu, South Kivu. A precarious calm is observed in the Kasaï region, thus favouring the return of the displaced. Displacement from these provinces continues and new IDPs are lacking basic services.",1
163,"The central high plains and southeastern Madagascar experienced severe dryness and drought in January and early February. In the south, however, although the rainy season was approximately 5 – 7 weeks late overall levels of precipitation were near average during the month of January.Despite the near average rain and the expected near average harvests of maize and pulses, areas in the south that were affected by drought in the past 3 years will face Stressed (IPC Phase 2) through the remainder of the lean season. ",8
3708,Some villages such as  Amoro and Kanyenze have been cut off from areaswhere they access services such as health and education  because of the streamswhich have flooded.,2
575,"And the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights documented 154 members of the families of the “Islamic State” organization whose death was documented by the SOHR during two rounds of shelling targeted Al-Mayadin city on the 25th and the 26th of May 2017, they are 68 children under the age of sixteen, and 57 females over the age of sixteen, and 29 men, and the bombing also resulted in the injury and the missing of tens, some of them had permanent disabilities and some others were seriously wounded.",9
5420,"Venezuela approaches a key moment in its protracted political crisis: the government is preparing to replace the country’s ailing democracy with a full-fledged dictatorship by means of an all-powerful constituent assembly, due to be elected on 30 July under rules that effectively exclude the opposition. Nearly 100 people have died in over three months of street demonstrations across the country, many of them shot dead by police, national guard or civilian gunmen. Beginning a week before polling day, the army will be deployed on the streets to guard against any disruption. There is a grave danger of violence on a scale so far unseen, and a fresh wave of emigration is probably imminent. The accelerating breakdown of health services and other vital infrastructure, growing hunger and shortages of basic goods, along with surging rates of violent crime, pose an evident threat not only to Venezuelans but to neighbouring countries and the international community generally.",3
9929,"If the political situation gets complicated it is possible that the influx of people increases, but this forecast already allows us to help these people for 4 weeks, then the plan can be revised, however it is not necessary to wait for the plan to provide food aid To these people",1
5985,"The humanitarian situation in Ar-Raqqa city remains dire with reports of fuel and food commodities becoming scarce. Most bakeries went out of service as they lack flour and diesel. In addition, mobile communication has been severed as the communication services building was allegedly destroyed by airstrikes, and ISIL has reportedly banned internet cafes services. Residents continue to flee the city via the river, damaged bridges and land routes, although ISIL has been reportedly preventing civilians from leaving. On 5 June, airstrikes reportedly hit a boat, allegedly carrying civilians from the northern to the southern bank of the Euphrates River which is reported to have resulted in nine casualties, and the injury of at least ten others. Obtaining verified information from Ar-Raqqa city remains challenging due to insecurity, heavy fighting and access constraints",3
1307,"Since about a third of the water pumped into the city is lost due to leaks in the dated pipes and to other technical difficulties, the shortage is actually worse and residents only receive 800 CM an hour, on average. The municipality also directs some of the city’s water supply to local villages that also suffer from an acute water shortage. As a result, Nablus residents must make do with about 65 liters per person a day (according to 2016 data). ",11
6938,ves of attacks and robberies on the outskirts of Mogadishu are causing fear and panic among hundreds of drought-displaced families camping in flimsy shelters without any protection.,9
8656,"At least one million children under the age of one will be at risk of diseases including polio and measles, if vaccines are blocked from reaching Yemen. • Due to shortage of fuel, vaccine stores in 22 Governorates/ are at a major risk of being shut down. Vaccines for thousands of children could be damaged. • Shortage of medical supplies will worsen the Diphtheria outbreak recently reported in five districts of Ibb. About 87 suspected cases were reported with nine associated deaths. • The depletion of nutrition supplies will deprive 27,000 malnourished children of the required treatment, making them vulnerable to illnesses. Many more children might die. ",4
11108,"According to Health Cluster analysis, the main causes of avoidable deaths in Yemen are communicable diseases, maternal, newborn and nutritional conditions (together accounting for 50 per cent of mortality), and non-communicable diseases (39 per cent of mortality). Rising hunger has had a direct impact on the health situation. “Every food crisis is also a health crisis,” Zagaria said, adding that malnutrition leaves people, particularly children, vulnerable to infection, and infection worsens the effects of malnutrition. Severely wasted children are 11 times more likely to die than children at a healthy weight. Not only that, the cognitive capacities and overall development of children who survive are likely to be impaired. This will affect them for the rest of their lives.",4
6107,"As of 26 December, the Disaster Response Operations Monitoring and Information Center reported about 555,400 people were affected by Tropical Storm Tembin in the Philippines, with 92,000 people inside 246 evacuation centres. The storm caused severe flooding in northern Mindanao, including areas hosting displaced families from the Marawi conflict. In Lanao del Norte province, local authorities and partners distributed food and NFIs to the Marawi IDPs, and temporarily transferred IDPs whose tents were damaged by strong winds and floods. On 23 December, the UN Secretary-General expressed sadness over the devastation and that the UN stands ready to provide support to the Government of the Philippines.",10
2927,"By law, Colombia's hospitals are required to treat any person, local or foreign, who shows up at an emergency room. But many Venezuelans are arriving with chronic conditions like cancer and diabetes that require expensive, continuing care. Health institutions in Colombia are not required to provide those treatments.'We handle the emergency room care, but beyond that there is no more we can do,' said Juan Ramirez, director of the Erasmo Meoz Hospital in Cucuta. ",4
4591,"gender based violence in the camp, it was reported that they do see cases whereby couples fight and yell at each other in public. They said that such cases usually emanate from disputes over money and food. ",9
2400,"Cholera incidence remains very high in the beginning of this year, notably in the provinces around the congo river, from Maniema to Equateur; and through Mongala and Bas Uele (Aketi) provinces. Case fatality ratio in these provinces are particularly high (Tshopo – 7.9%, Mongala and Ituri – respectively above 6%; Equateur and Bas Uele – around 5% each). Fi-nally, to be noted a notable decrease from Tanganyika province, even if Kale-mie area remains in outbreak.",4
6149,"Following a below-average and shortened October – December rainy season across most eastern areas of the country (see Figure 1), after experiencing two previous consecutive poor seasons, food insecurity is particularly heightened in these pastoral and marginal agricultural areas. Elsewhere in the country, food availability and access generally remain stable due to domestic production and supplies from regional imports. In the majority of pastoral areas, an atypically early decline in forage and water availability has negatively impacted livestock body conditions and subsequently livestock prices. While some of the decreases are seasonal, the most significant declines have taken place in areas where the October – December short rains were less than 60 percent of normal, including Isiolo and Tana River. Even in areas where the rains performed better, parts of Mandera and Marsabit have experienced a marked deterioration in rangeland resources and milk production. As a result, pastoralist households and herders have been forced to migrate their livestock early to areas that have sufficient forage and water resources. This has resulted in conflict with resident communities in Kitui and Meru.",3
6895,"Further funding is urgently needed so that people like Sandrine and her baby can be moved quickly into safer, more solid structures. A growing shortfall means that, in the country’s refugee camps, hundreds of thousands of people are suffering. Better protected transitional shelters, costing US$500 each to build, are in short supply.",10
11424,Only 25 out of about 900 Manus detainees have so far been resettled in the United States and the Australian government is currently building another prison camp in the PNG capital.,9
3691,"Children are among the most vulnerable groups and are disproportionately affected by the conflict. The Monitoring and Reporting Mechanism (MRM) verified 1,309 cases of child death as a result of conflict between January 2015 and September 2016, in addition to 1,950 cases of child injury. A further 1,275 cases of child recruitment by armed groups were verified in the same period. Grave violations of child rights have increased as the conflict has continued. In the first quarter of 2016, child deaths and injuries increased by 19 per cent compared to the last quarter of 2015 (increased from 374 to 445 children). Furthermore, verification of recruitment and use cases of children have increased by 35 per cent compared to the last quarter of 2015 (increase in verified cases from 103 to 140). The abduction and arbitrary detention of children continued through-out the year of 2016. The conflict is also taking a toll on children’s access to education. Schools have been hit in the course of ground operations and aerial attacks, and partners estimate that 1,604 schools are currently unfit for use due to damage, presence of IDPs or occupation by armed groups. Some 2 million children are out of school, further jeopardizing their future. Children who have experienced stressful situations are likely to show changes in social relations, behaviour, physical reactions, and emotional response, manifesting as sleeping problems, nightmares, withdrawal, problems concentrating and guilt. These effects are compounded by uncertainty about the future and disruption to routine. ",9
2491,The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) Joint Investigation Mechanism (JIM) has found evidence of Syrian government forces and ISIL using chemical weapons. The JIM has determined that Syrian government forces used chlorine gas in three separate incidents between 2014 and 2015 and that ISIL was responsible for a 2015 sulfur-mustard attack. The use of chemical weapons is a war crime and also directly contravenes UNSC Resolution 2118 of September 2013. ,4
921,"From 1 January to 20 March, 5,104 suspected cholera cases, including 119 deaths, were reported (CFR:2.3%), compared to 4,111 suspected cases reported during the same period in 2016",4
275,"South Sudan: During week 47, 20 new cases were reported; compared to 28 cases including 1 death (CFR: 3.6%) reported in week 46. Most of the cases emerged from Juba and Budi counties",4
165,"In this context, freedom of movement remained a key concern despite advocacy conducted by protection partners at different levels. Protection actors continued to play a major role in supporting the identification of cases in need of evacuation from sites, or to facilitate exit for IDPs that – according to thespecific administrative rules – could leave the sites without the need for a sponsorship (e.g. persons flying to Damascus). Seemingly, protection actors have continued to facilitate the retrieval and the restitution of confiscated identification documents, sensitising the population on the importance of not leaving the sites without getting their personal documentation back.",9
8208,"Conflict-affected communities in Rakhine continue to experience difficulty accessing livelihood opportunities, including fishing and informal labor, resulting in continued reliance on humanitarian assistance to meet basic food needs. Despite ongoing access challenges due to frequently-changing Government of Burma travel authorization procedures, USAID/FFP partner the UN World Food Program (WFP) provided emergency food assistance to approximately 56,000 people in central Rakhine and 42,000 people in northern Rakhine’s Maungdaw Township from March 1–23.",3
2152,"In Charikot, the district headquarters of Dolakha, there were several reports of closure of market places after the strong wind blew away hoarding boards and made the environment all dusty.",1
4679,"A recent spike at the beginning of 2017 saw over 4,500 refugees crossing the Eritrea-Ethiopia border and in urgent need of humanitarian assistance.As 150–200 refugees arrive daily at the Endabaguna screening centre, IOM will continue to work in close coordination with ARRA, UNHCR and partners to ensure refugees are supported with transport to safely reach the refugee camps.",10
8461,The reporting period witnessed repeated incursions and armed assaults by Boko Haram especially in the western regions of the Mayo Sava and parts of the Mayo Tsanaga departments that border Nigeria. Civilians continue to be the primary targets of these attacks with acts of looting and coercion against the local population continuing to be the main trend. The Logone and Chari department witnessed relatively low levels of activity when compared with the number of incidents in the previous month; in April UNDSS recorded only one security incident compared to four in March. ,9
8282,"In Haiti, the number of young people, especially women and girls, who report experiencing sexual and gender based violence (SBGV), is alarmingly high, especially in the highly populated capital city Port-au-Prince. But despite its scale, the issue is still commonly overlooked. SGBV is also likely underreported due to stigma and shame, as well as fear of reprisal from perpetrators or from the community.",9
3318,"From July–December 2016, 382 health staff and volunteers were trained in separate trainings on nutrition, behaviour change and counselling.  ",4
11437,"In Sierra Leone, an estimated 1,000 children experience sexual violence each year.",9
8900,"Since 2016, the number of migrants entering Belarus has decreased; however, a lot of migrants arriving earlier remained in the country, including people suffering from chronic needs. According to the assessment of BRC, there are around 2,000 families with severe vulnerabilities, which require continuous, life-saving support.",1
9588,"Response activities build momentumAs funding for the Flash Appeal - budgeted at $20.1 million – comes in, humanitarian partners are able to scale up response activities to respond to the most critical needs of those most affected by Cyclone Enawo – the number stabilised at 434,000, with 58 districts out of 119 reporting damages. To date, the appeal is 45% funded but it will be revised at the end of this month in order to cover the humanitarian needs for the next six months, based on results of sectoral assessments that have been completed or are currently on-going.",11
6659,"On 8 January, rains affected 160 people. 5 education centers. Drinking water affected. Transports and infrastructures affected.",6
4782,"The Liberia refugee operation project, PRRO 200550, ended on 30 June 2017 following 54 months of operation mainly in camps in Nimba, Gedeh, and Maryland Counties. The end of the project entails that no distribution will be continued by WFP",3
10621,"Oruchinga settlement: Weak local economies and lack of vocational training limit livelihoods opportunities for refugees. Some refugees used to attend vocational training in Nakivale, but the program was discontinued in 2017. Many resort to performing manual labor for members of the host community, but seek to develop skills outside of traditional agricultural activities. For the elderly and refugees with special needs, options to earn an income are even more limited because of their incapacity to farm.Oruchinga settlement:",5
5145,"Monitors and aid workers worry that violence that has until now been largely confined to the Rohingya-majority northern part of Rakhine, bordering Bangladesh, could erupt in an area where the two communities live side-by-side in much larger numbers.",9
5431,"Madagascar’s southern regions have been heavily affected by a prolonged drought, aggravated by the effects of El Niño. According to the recently conducted IPC analysis, 850,000 people from the nine most drought-affected districts are severely food insecure (emergency and crisis phases) and in need of immediate food assistance. Another 128,000 people in IPC 2 phase (stressed), but residing in IPC 4 areas also require assistance, as the risk of deterioration of their food security status remains high.",3
11709,The Food Security Cluster has reached approximately 5.3 million people (79 per cent of the planned 6.7 million people) with lifesaving food and cash-based assistance across 24 districts. WFP’s food price monitoring shows that at the end of February 2017 maize prices were declining across all the 25 monitored districts compared to previous weeks (from 270 MWK/kg in January to 250 MWK/kg) and were 20 per cent lower than the same time last year.,3
10105,"Skirmishes continue to the west of Haditha, in Anbar province. Concomitantly, in the last three weeks, additional 4 000 people from ISIL controlled areas of Ana, Qa’im and Ru’ua districts have been displaced, following desert routes and reaching displacement sites in Ruttba and Ramadi districts. Authorities predict displacement of up to 70 000 people in a worst case scenario.",5
5743,"he increased deployment of military forces to repress protests, the rise in excessive use of force against protesters and others, and the use of military courts to try to silence dissenting voices illustrates a terrifying shift of the Venezuelan authorities’ approach to the human rights crisis wreaking havoc across the country, Amnesty International said after at least 60 people were killed in protests in the past 60 days. The situation has been particularly acute in the states of Carabobo, Lara, Barinas and the border state of Táchira where more than 600 soldiers have been deployed to respond to peaceful demonstrations.",9
3276,A Member of Parliament representing Jalle in the National Assembly has confirmed that 30 people have been killed in the Saturday attack. Several women and children are still missing.Hon. Dengtiel Ayuen Kur says thousands of heads of cattle were also raided by gunmen.The attackers are said to have stormed three villages and burned down several houses.,10
6312,"In February 2017, 3,367 Eritreans arrived in Ethiopia, according to Ethiopia’s Administration for Refugee and Returnee Affairs.There are around 165,000 Eritrean refugees and asylum seekers in Ethiopia, according to the UN refugee agency. Thousands more Eritreans live in the country outside the asylum system.“Sometimes we get more than 120 people a day,” says Luel Abera, the reception coordinator at Adinbried. “The stories I hear are very sad: pregnant women delivering on the way, people shot at or wounded, hungry and hurt children.”",10
7181,"Children are among the most vulnerable during protracted displacement, with young children becoming malnourished and school-age children being unable to return to school, according to UNICEF. Almost half of the children in Lanao del Sur were malnourished even before the Marawi crisis, and the continuing displacement has reduced the quality and quantity of food for children, putting them at a greater risk of malnutrition. There is also concern that close to 100,000 Marawi children may have missed a year of schooling due to the continued displacement and transition. Youth who are unable to return to school are particularly at risk for recruitment into extremist groups. There is a need to support education and nutrition programmes for children to ensure that they fully recover from the emergency. UNICEF together with local partners continues to screen children in evacuation centres for malnutrition, provide support for access to WASH and safe spaces. The World Food Programme (WFP) continues to support local authorities with its school feeding activities in addition to rice distribution.",2
2310,"human rights groups stated that since 2016 around 300 laws has been altered with emergency rule decrees, 169,013 people have been taken into custody, and 50,510 have been arrested. It also noted that 11 MPs are currently in jail, five former lawmakers have been stripped of their MP status, 113,440 public officers have been dismissed from their duties, and 22,474 people’s work permits have been cancelled. Some 4,240 judges and prosecutors have been dismissed and only 166 of them have been reinstated to their posts, the statement read.",9
8484,"The shelter situation particularly for those living in spontaneous sites has worsened significantly with the degradation of already rudimentary shelter solutions. In some locations families are living in caves in the mountains due to security and lack of adequate shelter or in rudimentary emergency shelters in spontaneous sites that lack even the most basic facilities like water, sanitation, health nor offer protection from the extreme heat and rain.",11
3843,"Armyworms have destroyed 2,000hectares of crops in Malawi, spreading to nine of its 28districts in the last few weeks, the agriculture minister saidon Saturday",0
10783,"In central and northern regions, although food security has improved with milk access, the availability of milk will decline through April. Furthermore, households will have limited livestock to sell to purchase cereal. In the absence of humanitarian assistance, widespread Crisis (IPC Phase 3) is expected, and some areas will be in Emergency (IPC Phase 4). Of greatest concern are Guban Pastoral, Addun Pastoral, and northwestern Northern Inland Pastoral livelihood zones, where Emergency (IPC Phase 4) would be likely through June. Between June and September, slightly better outcomes are expected in Addun and Northern Inland Pastoral livelihood zones, as milk availability and the potential for some livestock sales increases after goats give birth during the Gu. Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes are likely during this period. Food insecurity is expected to remain extreme in Guban Pastoral livelihood zone, though, where atypical livestock deaths are occurring and no births are expected during the Gu. In this livelihood zone, Emergency (IPC Phase 4) remains likely through September. Also of high concern is northwestern agropastoral livelihood zone of Togdheer, where households had little to no harvest or income-earning opportunities, and these sources are expected to remain below average throughout the projection period. Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes are expected.",3
664,"Ethiopia: Following poor performing spring rains, the number of people receiving humanitarian assistance has increased from 5.6 million to 7.8 million in the first quarter of the year and is expected to heighten further in the second half of the year.",3
1852,"The soldiers will serve for a period of 9 months as part of the advise, assist, and train mission to help the Afghan army and police. ",9
11611,"The issue of access continues to hamper the effective delivery of humanitarian assistance to migrants and refugees, both in detention centres and in urban settings. In particular, security incidents and administrative regulations have led to the frequent cancellation or suspension of activities, program activities were cancelled multiple times due to fighting in Tripoli between January and March 2017. There have also been reports of human rights violations in a number of detention centres according to MMWG members. It is a MMWG priority to coordinate information sharing and to advocate for a harmonised and strategic response to address these incidents. This includes: increased visits, speeding up procedures of assisted voluntary return (of migrants), advocating for separation of men and women and children inside the centres, and release, while ensuring that government officials' understanding of human rights is enhanced through various trainings.",9
4854,"In Lafon town, the population reported their main needs to be food and non-food items (NFIs), specifically household items. In Taar boma, access to safe water was also cited as a main need by the population. ",7
9282,"In addition to the sexual and other forms of violence associated with the current conflict, the prevalence of SGBV remains high in the DRC with 53-68 per cent of women nationally experiencing intimate partner violence (IPV) in the form of physical, sexual or psychological violence.",9
2168,Learning has resumed in Kerio Valley after the government ordered schools to reopen after they were shut down due to runaway insecurity. Interior Cabinet Secretary Fred Matiang’i on Monday ordered all learning institutions to open after more officers were deployed in the area. Matiang’i directed Elgeyo Marakwet County Commissioner Abdullahi Hiddi to ensure police provide 24-hour security to all schools. He said schools will be secured by at least one police officer daily. Authorities in the area reported that all the 50 schools that had closed re-opened on Tuesday but recorded low turnout.,2
4352," In 8 of the 16 communities Human Rights Watch visited in March, residents said that one or both groups had inhibited their ability to engage in such daily economic activities as fishing, chopping wood, and growing crops. They said it was often difficult to get food and drinkable water. In one instance, on February 19, a Wounaan community reported that the ELN had “forbidden” residents from going out to fish, hunt, or harvest.",3
2077,"In the January to March 2017 period, the highest volatility in food prices was recorded in Deir-ez-Zor (50%), followed by Hama (33%), Al-Hassakeh (32%) and Homs (28%) governorates; diesel prices were also most volatile in Deir-ez-Zor, followed by Ar-Raqqa, Rural Damascus and Al-Hassakeh. Generally, the price of diesel is more volatile compared to prices of food commodities. Bread exhibited greater volatility compared to other food commodities in most governorates. Such volatility could be attributed to the possible disruptions in the functionality of bakeries affected by shortages of diesel that were reported from many markets across the country in March, especially in active conflict-affected or besieged areas.",3
10178,"Marsabit:The food security situation in the county is expected to deteriorate across the livelihood zones. Food consumption score is expected to decline ad stagnate at borderline food consumption group implying that households’ will be consuming staples accompanied by oil and pulses less frequently in a week. Pasture and browse condition expected to deplete in the next 1-2months as intense influx of livestock into the Agro-pastoral areas continues. Correspondingly, most of the open water sources are expected to dry up in the next one month. ? Livestock body condition is expected to deteriorate across all the livelihood zones due to expected faster forage depletion as in-migration intensifies compounding outbreak of livestock diseases in the migratory satellite camps. Terms of trade is expected to worsen further with the expected fall in goat prices and high maize prices. ? Markets are expected to a major hindrance and poor environmental management and regulation will prompt the county to further adverse effect of climate change. Drought will continue to impact heavily on the livelihoods of the communities. ? Households are expected to adopt more severe coping mechanism as drought looms. ",5
2182,The increasing prices of staple food commodities and cost of the food basket along with the low purchasing power of households could further hamper food access for displaced and poor households in the two states.,3
11983,"The largest change across Syria in May was the continued decline in the median price of assessed vegetables across all of Syria in May. The median price of cucumbers and onions dropped by 43% (150 SYP) and 28% (50 SYP), respectively. Price declines of tomatoes and potatoes were also observed in some regions. This may be related to early harvesting, as the expected onset of harvest season for these foods is in June.",3
3754,"A survey done by The Ministry of Water Resources and Care International in greater Freetown flooded communities, shows that there is an alarming contamination of faecal coliforms in water sources and actively used community wells. Moreover, the is a lack of residual chlorine",4
11019,"Overall food insecurity in the country is on the rise, with almost 1.6 million people (6 percent of the population) considered to be severely food insecure and 9.7 million people (34 percent of the population) being moderately food insecure. Continuing conflict, natural hazards and limited economic opportunities increase the vulnerability of the poorest households, such as subsistence farmers.",5
10863,"Local media said that the counterterrorism operation in Mastung was launched after intelligence reports suggested two Chinese nationals kidnapped from Quetta last week were being held in the area, though officials declined to comment on the reports.  The abductees, a man and a woman, were Chinese-language instructors based in the provincial capital.  Pakistan officials maintain that IS does not have an “organized presence” in the country, but acknowledge the group’s recruiters have been approaching people, particularly university and students through social media.",9
9759,"In 2017, nearly 19,000 cases of suspected measles were detected by October, which is signifi cantly higher compared to the previous years, 5,657 cases in 2016 and 7,498 cases in 2015. Due to the protracted drought and compromised nutritional status of children under fi ve years of age, clinical complications are common and measles mortality remains high. Th e age distribution of measles cases reveals 84 per cent are < 10years of age. In recent years, the MCV146 coverage (MeaslesContaining Vaccine fi rst dose) in Somalia, as estimated by WHO/UNICEF, has remained at the 46 per cent level. With this level of coverage, the number of children susceptible to measles, increases rapidly and Supplementary Immunization Activities are required every year in order to prevent wide scale outbreaks, increasing pressure on an overburdened health system. In addition, communication and social mobilization in outbreak preparedness and response are currently inadequate",4
9778,"The humanitarian crisis remains serious. An estimate of 8.5 million is in need of emergency aid assistance, including around 4.1 million Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs), and 552 000 refugees. More than 74% of the country’s total IDPs are from Kasai region, north and south Kivu, and Tanganyika, and the last region had an increase in the number of IDPs by 16% this week. Access to healthcare services remains one of the major challenges due to the disruption of the health system infrastructure and insecurity.",4
1016,"Booming population: Aid agencies have raised that approximately 50,000 babies are to be born in FDMN families during 2018. This will further aggravate the humanitarian crisis as the population already lives in overcrowded settlements amid limited access to insufficient food, water, sanitation, health facilities and risk of diseases.",4
5734,"In Chad, over a third of the population lives below the poverty line. In 2015, Chad was ranked second last out of 117 countries on the Global Hunger Index. The oil price collapse and the rainfall deficit have had a dramatic impact on the economy. The deterioration of the security situation and consequent disruptions to cross–border trade flows with Cameroon and Nigeria have magnified the country’s economic downturn. Environmental degradation (e.g., wood, water) is accelerating in every region hosting refugees",5
10427,"Over a million children in Mali are currently out of primary school, a 30 per cent increase since 2009. To date, 750 schools remain closed in the northern and central parts of the country due to insecurity, affecting over 300,000 school-aged children. An additional 1 million children are out of secondary school.",2
3731,"Conflict, displacement, and economic decline are placing severe pressure on essential basic services and the institutions that provide them, pushing them towards total collapse.",1
1257,"As at 12 March, 295,950 people are reported to have been affected, including 84,660 who are displaced. The number of deaths due to the storm has risen to 50 with 20 peoplemissing and 195 injured. The National Office for Disaster Risk and Management (BNGRC) and the Humanitarian Country Team (HCT) have activated the Multi-Hazard NationalContingency Plan 2016/2017.",7
10023,"Human Rights Watch has documented arbitrary detention and enforced disappearances by Houthi-Saleh forces and pro-Yemeni government and UAE-backed security forces in the southern and eastern parts of the country, including in Aden, Abyan, and Hadramawt governorates. Human Rights Watch has also found that forces are detaining children suspected of loyalty to enemy forces, abusing detainees and holding them in poor conditions, and forcibly disappearing people perceived to be political opponents or security threats.",9
11473,"At the end of April the UN Peacekeeping Mission in the DRC (MONUSCO) found five possible mass graves in the northeastern province of Ituri. MONUSCO also reported that at least 120 towns and villages in Ituri have been pillaged and destroyed since the outbreak of violence between the Hema and Lendu communities in December 2017. This fighting has led to the deaths of more than 260 people and displaced tens of thousands, including more than 60,000 people who have fled across Lake Albert into Uganda.",9
4002,"Food and Nutrition: ? Monthly ration is not enough to feed all the family members for one month, it causes hunger, malnutrition and negative coping mechanisms such as selling livestock, borrowing and child labour. ? Violence in the food distribution area as people push each other. The crowd controllers beat people which sometimes causes injuries. ? Uncomfortable space for distribution such as no waiting shade outside the distribution centres. Inside the centres food distribution, the space is very narrow and the pathway is not comfortable for pregnant women and sometimes it creates conflict as people push each other. ? There is no fixed date for distribution and the distribut ion is usually delayed. Inconsistent scooping by food distributors, causing major discrepancies in the quantity of food received by families. ? Lack of food diversity and the current drought aggravates the malnutrition problem. ? Specific dietary needs of certain groups such as pregnant women are not met which causes malnutrition. While some mothers are provided with nutritional supplements, they sell it to buy other food and non-food items.",8
1277,"A doctors' strike in Cameroon left patients without critical care in the capital Yaoude on Monday, the latest in a string of union actions that have crippled a country in the midst of political crisis. ",4
7542,"In many areas, food security and access to livelihoods is a concern. While there is a lack of uniform and safe access to services, humanitarian needs will persist, requiring continued support to address lifesaving needs.",1
6845,"In Chad, according to the results of the mVAM (1 354 households interviewed) in the Kanem, Barh El Gazal, Batha, Wadi Fira, Ouaddal, Sila and Guera regions, 37 percent of households have poor and borderline food consumption scores. The Barh El Gazal, Kanem and Wadi Fira regions have high levels of poor and borderline food consumption (46 percent, 43 percent and 42 percent, respectively). The Coping Strategy Index (rCSI) remained stable between September 2016 and October 2016 due to the availability of new crop year products. WFP Chad, mVAM, October 2016 ",3
8995,"The nutrition situation is expected to deteriorate further during the extended lean season up until July 2017 as a result of worsening food security aggravated by conflict, economic crisis, poor maternal and child care, and a poor public health environment.",8
8274,"“Children’s lives are on the line. Children are being killed, injured and used as human shields. Children are experiencing and witnessing terrible violence that no human being should ever witness. In some cases, they have been forced to participate in the fighting and violence.  “An estimated 100,000 girls and boys remain in extremely dangerous conditions in the old city and other areas of west Mosul. Many are caught in the crossfire and hospitals and other medical facilities have reportedly come under attack.",9
9701,"The floods have put Karonga district in a state of crisis. The flood affected persons find themselves in a desperate situation, with many unmet vital emergency needs such as access to sufficient food, need for safe water and replacement of non-food items; a task which has become difficult due to suspended livelihood activities.",7
9706," A to tal o f 235 inc iden ts o f a ttacks on schoo ls and ho sp itals we re ver i fied . Lack  o f access to conflic t -affected reg ions hampe red the ve ri fica t ion o f rep o rted  inciden ts. T hir ty - three per cen t o f a to ta l o f 195 inc iden ts o f a t tacks on schoo ls we re  ve ri fied in 2012 (66) , wi th a downwa rd trend in 2013 (54) and 2014 (18 ) . T he  numbe r s increased aga in in 2015 (24) and 2016 (33). ma l i Na tiona l Army (60 ) , unknown a rmed elemen ts (15 ) ,  AM ISOM (4) , Ah l a l -Sunna wa l -Jama ‘a (2) , Ga lmudug In te rim Admin is trat ion  forces (1) and the Kenyan De fence For ces (1). Between 2012 and 2016 , 40 inciden ts o f a t tacks on ho sp itals we re ver i fied .  T hey comp r ised cases o f damage to c lin ics and heal th -care cen tres dur ing figh t ing ,  loo t ing o f med ical supp l ies and equ ipmen t and mi l i tar y use o f ho sp i tals",2
2888,13 Jan 2017 lanslide in Moquegua. 64 people affected. Houses schools and health centres affected. Routes affected as well as crops,0
7800,Local authorities in Al Jawf governorate have requested humanitarian actors to assist people affected by recent floods in Bart Al Anan and Kharab Al Marashi districts. Urgent needs include support to access clean water and shelter.,10
9529,"The most recent violence, between 14-17 March, has affected the town of Kananga, during which dozens of people were killed in clashes between the Kamuina Nsapu militia and the Congolese security forces. The violence has also now spread to new areas such as Luebo, 134 km from the capital of Kasai province, where militia have attacked symbols of the state and also released prisoners from jail. In recent days, Tshimbulu has also suffered renewed violence and there are growing threats against churches in the region, particularly in Luiza. Between 28 and 31 March, the Congolese military also carried out operations during which there have been numerous reports of civilian casualties, allegations of human rights violations and arbitrary arrests, including of minors.",9
2292,"A Turkish court has remanded in custody the local director of Amnesty International and five other human rights activists, the mass-circulation newspaper Hurriyet said on Tuesday.",9
2725,"Hundreds of people in the area of Um Jar in White Nile State are suffering from ‘watery diarrhoea’.Mohamed Idris, Coordinator at the Um Jar Health Centre told Radio Dabanga that about 900 people in the area are stricken by ‘watery diarrhoea’.The most affected villages are Arafa, Andalus, Mabrouka, and El Hasnab. ",4
2033,"More than 1.1 million people have been affected, including 155,000 displaced. Of the affected population, some 309,000 are boys, girls and adolescences.  • With 29 per cent of the affected population, he Department of Piura is bearing the brunt of the floods and mudslides.  • Some of the most pressing needs are related to WASH, Health, Food Security and Shelter sectors.  • Although the majority of displaced people are with host families, some 22,500 people have moved to 135 official temporary shelters in nine departments.",3
2201,"The quantity of water available per person (based on the latest population statistics – including those not yet registered int eh transit centre), has dropped to 10l/p/d, well below the required standard.This is due to lower consumption due to the season, but also the absence of up to 200 households from the camp",11
2376,"In the education sector, only 46 per cent of the 1,132 affected schools were rehabilitated or reconstructed, which may deprive 50,000 children of their rights to education.",2
8875,"On January 8, Israel restored its supply to the full 120 MW it sold until June 2017. Residents now receive six hours of supply followed by up to 12 hours of outage.",7
9439,"Soaring food and fuel prices, stagnant salaries, loss of livelihoods and reduced food production have led to widespread food insecurity across the country, with seven million people unable to meet their food needs and a further two million people at risk of food insecurity. The most vulnerable people live in hard-to-reach and besieged areas. In the ten besieged areas, home to 420,000 people, all inhabitants are food-insecure, and access to assistance is intermittent. Households headed by women tend to utilize more negative coping mechanisms than those headed by men, though due to the prolonged conflict many households have exhausted all assets.",3
8094,"Large-scale forced evictions of internally displaced persons, including by government forces, continued. According to UN figures, during the first eight months of 2016, over 80,000 people were forcibly evicted by government forces and private actors, primarily in Mogadishu.",9
1471,"From total Sudan states, 179 Out of 186 localities were analyzed. 33 localities classified in Phase 3 were identified as most affected areas by food insecurity, for the following reasons: Food consumption: More than 9%of the population are poor food consumption due to depletion in the stock at household level, poor food diversity in addition to the high food prices, security situation and the entry of more than 1.2 million refugees from South Sudan, shortage of quantity and poor quality of drinking water, poor infrastructure.",3
8490,"Some residents of Bor town in Jonglei State have expressed disappointment after their houses were demolished by the town council. In Marol and Naivasha areas, over 140 residential buildings were razed to the ground.The exercise, which commenced on Tuesday morning, took many residents by surprise as many claim there was no prior warning. “We are inhabitants of this area, and so are those that are mistreating us. We regret the fact that we are residents of Jonglei,” said Akuol Anyieth Akon.The residents, including women and children, have now been left in the open with nobody to care for them.In response, Bor town Mayor Gai Makhor said he was just following the 2008 directive by the ministry of physical infrastructure to demarcate the area.",10
6514,"However, in the North-West, Artibonite, Nippes and La Gonâve (West), although the impact of the hurricane was lower, its effects, associated with three years of severe drought have led to an increase in the level of food insecurity where 1 million people have been affected. In total, more than 1.5 million people are still food insecure in these 6 departments",3
10519,"the people of the town confirmed that a civil demonstration took place condemning the arrst and demanding to release Ibn Taymiyyah Battalion leader’s son and the former president of the Central Court, amid continuous skirmishes between Ibn Taymiyyah Battalion and Hayyaat Tahrir al-Sham, in the outskirts in the town, also information about sending Hayyaat Tahrir al-Sham for military reinforcement to Darat Izza area, with confirmation by the civilians that Hayyaat Tahrir al-Sham gave the people of Darat Izza and Ibn Taymiyyah Battalion a time limit to hand over all the headquarters of Hayyaat Tahrir al-Sham in Darat Izza, with warnings and threats by Hayyaat Tahrir al-Sham to use the military force to restore its headquarters as well as Sheikh Barakat mountain.",9
5584,"The security situation in the extreme north of the country, which has improved slightly with the ongoing intervention against the jihadists by the army, remains precarious and the return to normal market functioning is cautious",1
8126,"Conflict and insecurity in parts of the country continues to hinder provision of basic services, especially health and nutrition interventions. For example, in Fafi Sub-county of Garissa County, four health facilities along the Kenya-Somalia border remain closed due to insecurity. In Baringo’s East Pokot sub-county, 14 health facilities are closed due to continued intercommunal conflict. The situation in East Pokot has worsened since conflict began in February 2017 and has resulted in many implementing partners shutting down humanitarian operations to protect the safety of their staff. At the end of June 2017, UNICEF and partners suspended planned SMART nutrition surveys in East Pokot due to insecurity and a lack of access to the affected populations. In Isiolo and Wajir counties, 2 and 6 primary schools respectively are closed due to conflict over water and grazing fields in drought affected areas. Insecurity in various parts of the country has also affected the provision of health services.",8
1310,"40 health facilities were forced to close in Laghman province in early June due to threats from anti-government elements —the clinics were able to resume operations in July.  ? 5 health facilities were forced to close in Nangarhar and Kunar provinces in June due to conflict and threats—currently health services are provided by mobile teams  ? 10 health facilities in Kandahar, Helmand and Uruzgan were forced to close in June but were able to resume operations in July",4
4762,"Cholera resurged in Iraq with six cases confirmed to date in central and southern governorates (Baghdad, Najaf, and Wassit). UNICEF and partners are working to provide supply of safe water, through water quality monitoring and purification, and the scale-up of hygiene promotion and outreach activities in affected or at risk locations.",4
11223,"The Red Cross official says efforts to achieve peace in the Central African Republic are made more difficult by the extreme poverty, poor health conditions and low education levels in the country.",2
10098,"With respect to shelter, the majority of IDPs are living in hosted situations (51%), followed by those that reside in rented accommodation (22%), followed by those residing in collective centres or spontaneous settlements (20%). Among returnees the vast majority (88%) have returned to their original homes, with a small number (5%) residing in rented accommodation, and a further 7% in hosted situations. ",10
5750,"Since the beginning of Mosul operations on 17 Oct 2016 till 17 February 2017, a total of 4310 casualties were reported by the four emergency hospitals of Emergency, West Erbil Emergency, Shiekhan, and Bartella. This week’s reported number stood at 137 casualties.",4
982,70 urban refugees identified as persons with specific needs continue to await medical assistance.,4
2235,"Anticipated, below-average March - May 2017 rainfall is expected to generate lower pasture and water resources, limiting improvements from the season. Food security in lowland agricultural and agro-pastoral areas of eastern and central Oromia and northern SNNP Regions will likely deteriorate during the lean season, following a second poor harvest. Food security down July 2017 compared to July 2016. Highest likely severity IPC 3 in July. Key upcoming lean season from Jan-March 2017",3
8593,"Up to 1,600 schools can no longer be used because they are destroyed, damaged, being used to host displaced families or occupied by parties to the conflict. Some 350,000 children are unable to continue their education as a result, bringing to 2 million the total number of children out of school",2
5988,"Over 1.2 million people need food, including 150,000 children under five who need nutrition supplement",3
4698,"Thousands more people are fleeing Mosul every day since Iraqi troops began their push into the last Islamic State-held areas of the city last week, with food and water running out and the fighting killing increasing numbers of civilians.  More than 22,000 people have fled Mosul since the U.S.-backed forces opened a new front in the northwest of the city on May 4 to try to finally dislodge the militants, the United Nations said on Wednesday, citing Iraqi government figures.",7
965,"Severe water, food and medicine shortages continue and unconfirmed reports that schools and public services (such as bakeries) have closed. ",4
7194,"4. The earthquake has also resulted in electricity cut in several Iranian cities and Kermanshah’s main hospital is also damaged making it difficult to treat injured. Sar Pol Zahab hospital as was reported is out of order. 70.000 of people need emergency shelter according to the Iranian Red Crescent. Meanwhile, rescuers are still searching for people.  ",10
7441,"A new victim claimed a strange disease that the indigenous people of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta face. It is a woman who had three months of gestation, belonging to the Kowi community. This death is already 10 people killed by the outbreak detected since last Sunday in the indigenous settlements of Zinkaka, Tusimake and Bunkuana, located in the Sierra Nevada of Santa Marta, Badillo river basin, boundaries between Cesar and La Guajira.During the recent visit by the Secretary of Health of Cesar and EPS Dusakawi to Bunkuama, one of the three Kogui settlements, in the limits of Cesar, La Guajira and Magdalena, areas where the public health emergency is recorded, 30 adults and 10 children were found, of whom 14 reported symptoms, before the doctors were diagnosed with a non-serious acute respiratory infection, so antibiotics and antiretrovirals were applied. ",4
11790,The continued government ban on media coverage in Darfur has denied Sudanese and the international community accurate information pertaining to the region’s conflict. Sudanese authorities arrested and tortured journalists Daoud Hari and Phil Cox in December last year for attempting to report in the region. It is difficult to understand how the US will make an informed decision in July whether to remove economic sanctions with the pre-condition to desist hostilities without independent monitors on the ground.,9
2243,"There is uncertainty over the exact number of displaced people in the shelters, with current estimates ranging between 56,500 -70,850. In anticipation of a new influx of 100,000-150,000 people, new locations for shelters are being identified and rehabilitated to enable comprehensive health service provision. ? Most of the current shelters do not have the capacity or infrastructure to accommodate the large numbers of people arriving. WASH remains an ongoing concern, especially in Adra and the Electricity complex, with fears that current sanitation and hygiene conditions could lead to water-borne diseases. ? Increasing cases of lice and scabies are being reported, as well as increasing cases of diarrhea and vomiting.",10
8566,"Children are at heightened risk of malnutrition, dehydration, diarrhoea, infectious diseases, and injury.",1
11268,"In addition to this, at least 14,000 children suffering from various ailments were brought to different hospitals in the district. ",11
3127,"95 per cent of interviewees say they left the city to camps because they could not afford housing or sustain themselves in Mosul. Lack of food, water, and insecurity are the main reasons mentioned by new arrivals from Telafar. A little over 331,000 IDPs are currently sheltered in camps around Mosul.1",11
10766,"In the southern state of Karnataka, more than 1,000 farmers killed themselves in 2015. About 90 of them were from the sugarcane-growing district of Mandya. While the data for 2016 is still unavailable, some 200 suicides had already been reported by the month of July.There is no single explanation for this wave of suicides, but there are several common elements. The growing level of personal debt is one of them.",5
2279,"Families said that uncertainty over whether the burning would lead to more serious health effects for themselves of their children, such as cancer, was taking a heavy psychological toll. In almost all cases, interviewees said their municipality had not provided any information about the risks of open burning or safety precautions. The Lebanese government should provide adequate information about the dangers of waste burning and steps people should be taking to protect themselves from smoke",4
3626,"All new arrivals require health assistance.  ? Crowded living conditions with lack of adequate water and sanitation (WASH) continue to present significant risks of communicable disease outbreak.  ? All new settlements need scale up of health care services, including mobile services to access those in hard-to-reach areas.  ? Health care services implemented at settlement level lack standardization, quality of care needs to be reinforced.  ? Insufficient accessibility to inpatient and secondary health facilities, including referral system. Need to reinforce existing hospitals and additional inpatient service delivery.  ? Insufficient services in essential reproductive health as well as maternal, child and new-born health services, especially in hard-to-reach areas.  ? Insufficient clinical management of rape survivors, family planning as well as adolescent friendly health services.  ? Need for scaling up and standardization of the community health workers (CHW’s) network, to ensure adequate health and hygiene promotion, as well as continuum of care.",1
1394,Higher proportions of the new arrivals and older unregistered refugees are not consuming Vitamin A and heme iron rich foods and are thus at higher risk of micronutrient deficiencies.,8
2280,"As of 20 August, more than 1.2 million people across 19 out of 25 districts remain affected by drought. Northern, North-Central and Eastern Provinces are reporting low levels of water for agricultural, drinking and household use. The failure of two harvests in 2017 has raised concerns for the food security and livelihoods of affected communities. The Government of Sri Lanka is distributing drinking water and is planning to provide relief packs.4",11
6462,"  James Gomez, Amnesty International's Director of Southeast Asia and the Pacific “Today’s drowning and tragic loss of life is yet more evidence of the desperate situation still prevailing in Rakhine state. While the Myanmar military has engaged in a campaign of violence, there is mounting evidence that Rohingya women, men and children are now also fleeing the very real threat of starvation.  “The Myanmar authorities are actively blocking aid groups from reaching affected areas in northern Rakhine State, where people are on the brink of survival. These restrictions show a callous disregard for human life and must end immediately.” ",3
5922,"Kupato says if the government had prepared better for them to return, they would have water near their house. He says they do not have a good house to live in, as it has been destroyed. Instead, the family sleeps under a tarp.",10
6936,"A powerful earthquake struck northeast Iran on Wednesday near the holy city of Mashhad, leaving at least one person dead and several injured.",7
7166,"The chairperson of Elegu zone II, Mr Kassim Akule said, about 3,000 people were affected by the flood, as it submerged their homes and business facilities.",10
10187,"More than 1.1 million people have been affected, including 155,000 displaced. Of the affected population, some 309,000 are boys, girls and adolescences.  • With 29 per cent of the affected population, he Department of Piura is bearing the brunt of the floods and mudslides.  • Some of the most pressing needs are related to WASH, Health, Food Security and Shelter sectors.  • Although the majority of displaced people are with host families, some 22,500 people have moved to 135 official temporary shelters in nine departments.",10
8846,"Cholera transmission in South Sudan has declined significantly, with no new cases reported or confirmed in Budi and Juba counties in weeks 49 and 50 (week ending 9 December 2017 and 16 December 2017, respectively). The cumulative number of cases for Juba stands at 2 961, including 38 deaths (case fatality rate 1.3%). The recent transmission upsurge in New Bongo has been contained. A cumulative total of 857 cases including 83 deaths (case fatality rate 9.7%) have been reported in Budi since week 29, 2017. The outbreak in Budi started on 28 July 2017, with initial transmission occurring among gold miners in Ngauro. The high case fatality rate in this area is related to lack of access to healthcare, particularly at the onset of the outbrea",4
1956,"Another two massive airlifts arrived in Bangladesh last week carrying 26,500 kitchen sets, some 15,000 solar lamps and five pre-fabricated warehouses. Since the beginning of the crisis, UNHCR has organised 17 airlifts, bring more than 2,100 metric tons of aid relief items, worth over US$9 million. Additional aid was shipped by sea in three separate consignments.",10
6360,The birthplace of the Syrian uprising remains in ruins after a months-long battle between rebel groups and pro-regime forces earlier this year left 85 percent of buildings in rebel-held neighborhoods partially or fully destroyed and completely dismantled the city’s infrastructure,10
7887,"In addition, Hamas authorities in Gaza have prohibited fishermen from going out to sea, harming thousands of families who are dependent on the fishing industry. Fishing has already been limited by Israel’s restriction of Gaza’s fishing zone to six nautical miles offshore.",5
8489,"Tropical Storm ENAWO - 17 has further intensified and upgraded to a Category One Tropical Cyclone with a potential to reach the Category Three within the next two days, mainly affecting the north-eastern coast of Madagascar. Further wind and rainfall intensification is expected.  The humanitarian impact may be high based on the maximum wind speed and the vulnerability of the potentially affected population.",7
8368,"Israeli demolition of a European-financed school in the occupied West Bank has forced Palestinian children to instead attend classes in a tent. Palestinian activists restored some good cheer to primary school students in Jub al-Thib as they set about rebuilding their school, over the night of September 9-10, using concrete blocks. On August 22, Israeli authorities had demolished the only school in this West Bank village, located east of Bethlehem, a day before the start of the new school year.The demolition left some of the 64 students in grades one through four in tears. The children had previously attended classes in warehouses and had been looking forward to a new school building. The residents of Jub al-Thib worked for months to build the since-destroyed school, the first to be erected in their village.",2
8781,"As a result of on-going military operations, the humanitarian situation has significantly deteriorated in Ar-Raqqa city. Access to clean drinking water continues to be severely limited. Residents continue to depend on water from the Euphrates River that is unfit for consumption, exposing people to the risk of water-borne diseases.Since the start of the military operations in Ar-Raqqa city, approximately 27 civilians have been killed and dozens more wounded at the Euphrates while attempting to fetch water. Despite the danger, people continue to go to the site as it is their only remaining source of drinking water. Scarcity of food and medicine continued to be reported. Markets and bakeries remained closed in Ar-Raqqa city for over 20 days, further limiting access to food and basic necessities.",11
1589,"The spraying lasted until the early afternoon and resumed the next day. Strong winds carried the sprayed chemicals and they damaged fields as far as 600 to 1200 meters into the Gaza Strip. On 23 Jan.In addition, it appears that this year, the military used higher-concentration chemicals, as the damage to the crops was detectable the very next day, rather than two to three days as in the past.The Ministry reported that some 400 hectares of farmland were damaged along the border. In the 200 hectares in the north, where farmers had prepared, the damage was minor to moderate. However, in central and southern Gaza, some 200 hectares of farmland sustained heavy damage, both because farmers were not given a chance to prepare for the spraying and because most of the crops grown in this area are leafy and more sensitive to the chemicals used by the military. The Ministry did not allow farmers to sell the damaged crops, and they were forced to destroy them and re-plow the land. According to Ministry estimates, the losses incurred by farmers in these areas amount to approximately 80 USD per hectare. ",5
5218,"Yemen’s cholera outbreak has infected 612,703 people and killed 2,048 since it began in April,",4
5879,"Moreover, almost 90 percent of the drinking water in Gaza exceeds the maximum salinity standard of the World Health Organization and is expected to become even more saline in the years to come.",11
907,"On 8 February, shelling damaged power lines near Toshkivka (near Popasna, Luhansk GCA – 5-6,000 inhabitants), causing a blackout of a water filtering station and shortage of water in the area. On 9 February, Krymske village was cut off from power and the local school was left without heating.",7
5211,"Before the conflict, fisheries played an important role in Libya’s economy and supported the export industry. Since 2011, the Government suspended all support to fishers. This, coupled with the destruction, theft, and high cost of fishing equipment, has greatly affected the only source of income for small-scale fishers.",5
1676,"Health workers in Congo are most likely at increased risk of Ebola infection, as the healthcare system is under-resourced and health workers are often underpaid if paid at all. During the earlier West Africa epidemic, numerous health workers died of the disease, impeding efforts to contain it.  Fear of Ebola also resulted in multiple attacks on health workers in West Africa. The government and its international partners should ensure that local health workers are adequately equipped and protected against Ebola as well as potential physical attacks.  Because of traditional roles as caregivers, birth attendants, and health workers, women are also likely to be at increased risk of Ebola in Congo, as they were in the West Africa epidemic. Specific steps should be taken to address these particular vulnerabilities, including through inclusion of women in developing the response.",9
10431,"After two consecutive seasons of drought, heavy rains finally promise a good harvest in most parts of Zimbabwe’s Manicaland province. But farmers now face a new challenge: washed-out roads that will make it difficult to get their crops to market.  As harvesting time for tobacco, maize and other crops approaches, fears abound that roads made impassable by rain will not be repaired in time.",5
221,"The country is facing a major malaria outbreak which was officially declared by the MoH on 13 March 2017. The North and North health districts are the ones more affected by this outbreak. According to the MoH, the cumulative number of malaria cases reported during the first 10 weeks of 2017 is 1,960,620 with 869 deaths (MoH, 23 March 2017), this is higher than the same period in 2016 (1,804,258 cases and 841 deaths",4
5132,The acute electricity and water crisis in Suakin in Red Sea state has been ongoing for months without the authorities’ making efforts to resolve it. Abdallah Barki told Radio Dabanga that the electricity supply only works for limited hours and that the water crisis has entered its third week.,1
2320,"10,5 million people are under the Hurricane Alarm Phase  In the morning, the coastal municipalities of Villa Clara and Sancti Spíritus, the closest to the center of the hurricane, suffered 90 kilometers per hour winds and gusts up to 150 kilometers per hour, accompanied by heavy rains. Most of the coastal municipalities in these provinces are without electricity. In Sancti Spíritus, more than 100,000 people are reported evacuated with an additional 152,000 in Matanzas.Damage to electrical and transportation networks, commercial and residential roofs, and medical and tourism infrastructure as well as in agricultural areas has been reported. More than one million people were evacuated in the first seven provinces under the H",0
10137,"The reports list the lack of drinking water and lack of fuel as the most significant needs. Safe drinking water is available for one to one-and-a-half hours every two to three days in northern and eastern neighbourhoods of the western part of the city, but some neighbourhoods in the south and west have no access to safe drinking water at all. Where available, the price of kerosene has increased eightfold, and the price of gas is fourteen times higher than in June 2014. Kerosene is now affordable by only the wealthiest families. Moreover, the electricity supply has reportedly been cut off for a number of weeks. The lack of fuel has led to many families burning wood, furniture, plastic and household rubbish to keep warm.",7
11952,"Right now Gaza’s pollution is at a level over 300ml per litre currently and has consistently been on the increase throughout the year, that means that Gaza is polluting 240ml more than the internationally accepted standard, yet neither Israel (which have a legal obligation to prevent this), nor any international body do a thing. Over 100 million litres of un-treated water is being released into Gaza’s sea, making its 25 miles of beach an un-swimmable one.",11
8939,"Reasons for this contamination  Some of the tube wells inside the camps have been dug to shallower depths, have been poorly sited, are very congested and do not have safeguards in place to prevent bacterial contamination at ground level.UNICEF has been working with its WASH partners to construct tube wells which meet international standards by ensuring a depth of at least forty meters and by ensuring that all tube wells have an appropriate ceiling.  Contamination may be being caused through poor hygiene practices such as the use of dirty containers, bad hygiene habits of the population in water handling.E.coli is used for the measurement of water faecal contamination. The fact that it is present in water drawn from wells for drinking inside the camps is confirmation that oral fecal contamination is happening. If water is infected with agents that make children/people sick, then it will spread quickly. ",11
1553,Video footage obtained by TOLOnews shows that Taliban militants are extremely active in the Tala Wa Barfak district in Baghlan where at least eight coalminers were killed earlier this month.,9
6372,"The bulletin 'food basket and conditions of food security in Haiti' published by CNSA in April 2018, indicated an improvement in the food security situation from May in certain zones because of the beginning of the spring campaign harvests. At the same time, a deterioration of the food security situation has been observed in the Centre department because of the drought which has considerably reduced yields of the winter season - particularly in the Haut-Plateau - on one hand and on the other hand because of the tightening of border controls. The bulletin also reported an average increase of about 8.6% in the value of the food basket in the first quarter of 2018 compared to the first quarter of 2017.",3
1808,"Across medical clinics in rebel-held Idlib province, doctors have noticed a startling trend since the beginning of the year. New cases of leishmaniasis are exploding at rates approximately double those witnessed last year, with local specialists citing 6,273 confirmed cases province-wide in just the first four months of 2018. That puts 2018 on track to more than double the numbers recorded in 2015, the last year for which information is publicly available. Ground zero in the leishmaniasis outbreak is the small border town of Armanaz. There, the local clinic has witnessed a more than six-fold increase in cases since last year, according to Dr. Saleh Haj Taher, president of the Armanaz health center. He says the local clinic received more than 250 new cases in the month of April alone, compared to around 40 infections for all of 2017.",4
2459,"• Insecurity continues to heavily influence the situation in many areas of Somalia, especially by exacerbating widespread food insecurity brought on by the drought, which may lead affected and displaced families to adopt negative coping strategies often impacting children and persons with specific needs. It is essential to understand the dynamics influencing coping strategies and their impact on the situation of affected individuals, families and populations in order to ensure humanitarian assistance reaches those least able to cope/ with the greatest needs among the approximately 766,000 individuals displaced by drought. ",9
2471,Somali region where some 1.7 million people are in dire need of humanitarian assisstance,1
3866,"Host families themselves, as well as other crisis -hit households, were unable to explo it their land because of fear of attacks, which resulted in the loss of productive assets, reduced incomes and food shortages . In addition, staple food crop prices are extremely high due to inflation .",3
8585,"In June, the Council is due to renew the mandate of the UN Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in Mali (MINUSMA). The Council also expects to receive a briefing from the Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, Jean-Pierre Lacroix, followed by consultations. MINUSMA’s mandate ends on 30 June",9
11833,"Food security and livelihoods needs are wide-spread across the country in almost all 34 provinces. FSAC will target all those areas with vulnerable communities affected by natural disasters (including extreme weather), conflict driven IDPs, conflict affected non-displaced people, and refugees. Priority will be given to women and child-headed households. FSAC recognises that prevention of asset depletion is critical especially for moderately food insecure and small and mediumholders, and so timely food assistance and livelihoods protection support will be provided. FSAC will work with partners and OCHA to ensure access in hard to reach areas where most of the vulnerable communities live. HAWG is already working with partners to ensure access into these hard to reach areas. FSAC with the support of its partners has identified and prioritised provinces using various sets of data including IPC, SFSA, historical trends of the conflict and natural disasters, and potential locations for returnee settlement. FSAC partners have agreed to prioritise Badghis, Faryab, Ghor, Daikundi, Kabul, Badakshan, Kandahar, Kunduz, Uruzgan, Baghlan, Ghazni, Hilmand, Hirat, Saripul, and Nangarhar provinces as the first priority for their response based on increased needs and vulnerability to various hazards. Khost and Paktitka are also considered as a first priority for refugee response. As Afghanistan is prone to natural disasters and conflicts, assistance will be extended to affected areas in close coordination with government and humanitarian community.",3
5319,"Access to essential services has deteriorated in areas affected by the conflict. In Far North, only 14 per cent of the population have access to adequate hygiene and sanitation facilities and more than half do not have access to a water source.Health centres, whose access and quality were already limited, are increasingly under pressure due to displacement and continuous influx of injured people.",11
9833,"Forced evictions, often related to disputes over the amount of ‘rent’ to be paid, continue unabated. So far in 2017 (JanSept) NRC has recorded more than 120,000 individuals as directly affected, primarily in Mogadishu, but instances continue to be reported in Baidoa. In October, nearly 4,800 people were reportedly affected, while simultaneously progress has been made in securing short term land tenure for displaced communities.",9
11426," By early 2016, about 36% of primary health care facilities across the country were not fully functional either due to staff shortages or poor physical infrastructure. Only 24% of functional health facilities in the country offered all main service components of the primary health care package.367 In Darfur, because of the support provided by NGOs, 42% of health facilities were functional. However, according to OCHA , by September 2016, 11 of the health units in North, South and West Darfur, Blue Nile, and South Kordofan states were closed due to insufficient funding, and 49 facilities were at risk of closure. These closures affect access to essential primary health care services, as well as immunization services and control of communicable diseases and outbreaks.368 A shortage and inequitable distribution of health workers, as well as acute shortages of medical supplies, exacerbate the situation.369",4
4298," In Kenya, a joint contingency plan developed by the government and humanitarian partners projects that some 220,000 people may potentially be internally displaced in the event of election-related violence.",9
5635,"Maize grain and maize meal are the most important food commodities and indicators of food security in Zambia. All of the markets represented — with the exception of Kitwe — are in provincial centers and thus provide a geographic representation. Chipata and Choma are both areas of high maize production, while Mansa and Mongu are indicative of low production areas. Kabwe, Kitwe, and Lusaka are all urban areas where demand for these commodities is high. Solwezi is a new mining town with an increasing demand for food commodities.",3
2822,"New analysis of data detailing the extent of sexual violence in the Rustenburg area, South Africa, indicates that one in five HIV infections (approximately 6,765 of all female cases) and one in three cases of depression among women (5,022 cases) are attributable to rape and intimate-partner violence (IPV), while one in three women inducing abortion (1,296 cases) was pregnant as a result of sexual violence. ",9
449,"In 2016, four countries of the Americas: the Dominican Republic (1,159), Ecuador1 (1), Haiti (41,421), and Mexico (1) reported suspected and confirmed cases.  ",4
8105,"The central high plains and southeastern Madagascar experienced severe dryness and drought in January and early February. In the south, however, although the rainy season was approximately 5 – 7 weeks late overall levels of precipitation were near average during the month of January.Despite the near average rain and the expected near average harvests of maize and pulses, areas in the south that were affected by drought in the past 3 years will face Stressed (IPC Phase 2) through the remainder of the lean season. ",5
7123,"More than 80 per cent of health facilities in Hela and Southern Highlands (69 of 86) are open and functional, but 13 of these health facilities sustained severe structural damage that continues to pose serious occupational threats to all users. Refurbishment of earthquake related structural damages remains a challenge. In particular, 55 per cent of health facilities urgently need access to safe water sources.",11
10290,"There is no shelter for the thousands of people left without homes, not enough food as the only road that connects Mocoa to the rest of Colombia has been closed off from the landslides; no clean water; children and pets left without families, and parents without children. There is no way out of the town and the only help comes in helicopters",3
9945,Teachers working at schools near the border with Somalia in Garissa County have left their stations over recent attacks by Al-Shabaab.The Nation has learnt that teachers in at least six schools have not reported to work following recent terror attacks targeting security officers and road users. ,2
1969,"More than 850,000 children under the age of five are at risk of global acute malnutrition this year, including 274,000 facing severe malnutrition and at imminent risk of death. This represents a 34 per cent increase and is largely due to the worsening food security situation in parts of the country.Severe acute malnutrition rates are highest in the conflict affected areas in the north, exceeding 15 per cent in Timbuktu, while limited donor interest has made it harder to acquire the necessary amounts of therapeutic food, critical to curing malnourished children. ",8
11855,"The human tollWomen – many of them minors – are also trafficked across the informal crossing routes and then prostituted in Cúcuta. Human trafficking routes have existed along the border since the 1980s, Wilfredo Cañizares Arévalo, director of Foundation Progresar in Cúcuta, explains. Most often, Colombian women were trafficked to Venezuela, where they were then sent to Aruba and Curacao as sex workers.The crisis in Venezuela has flipped things, Arévalo says: Venezuelan women and underage girls are now trafficked to Colombia. The recent tightening of border controls, he says, “resulted in old, informal routes to be opened again” for trafficking women and an increase in the trafficking of minors. Routes across the border, he notes, are in constant flux.Venezuelans without money or legal identity papers are easy prey for illegal armed groups looking for workers. “Recruiting has increased,” says a representative of Colombia’s Departmental Ombudsman for Human Rights. “Many underage Colombo-Venezuelans and Venezuelans [are sought].”",9
3315,"In squalid camps in Bangladesh, hundreds of thousands of Rohingya who have fled violence and persecution in neighbouring Myanmar dream of a better life abroad — and rely on increasingly high-tech trafficking networks to get them there.",9
2634,"Officials in South Sudan’s Yei River State say more than 30,000 internally displaced persons in Kajo-Keji County are in dire need of humanitarian assistance.The state Relief and Rehabilitation Commission Chairperson Peter Butili Farrajallah, the vulnerable mostly women, children and the elderly are trapped in various villages of Liwolo and Nyepo Counties are surviving on wild fruits and medicines.“There are currently 31,335 IDPs scattered in areas like Logo, Kiriwa, Ajio and other areas. They don’t have food, medicines, shelter, clothes and salt,” he said.",7
10589," It is estimated that in 2017, more than 1.9 million people will be affected by at least one crisis, including food insecurity and malnutrition, population movement, epidemics and natural disasters.",8
3055,"Escalation of fighting around Yemen’s port city of Hudaydah threatens to cut off essential supplies to millions of people who are already one step away from famine, international agency Oxfam warned today.Oxfam's Country Director in Yemen, Muhsin Siddiquey said: 'Yemen is already the world's worst humanitarian crisis and is steadily slipping towards famine. If this vital route for supplying food, fuel and medicine is blocked, the result will be more hunger, more people without health care and more families burying their loved ones.",3
1085,"With as little as one-quarter of expected rainfall received, widespread drought conditions in the Horn of Africa have intensified since the failure of the October-December rains, FAO said today.  FAO estimates that over 17 million people are currently in crisis and emergency food insecurity levels in member-countries of the Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD), namely Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan and Uganda, which are in need of urgent humanitarian assistance.",5
8808,"Unity State: Koch, Mayendit, Leer, and Panyijiar:After more than three years of conflict, many households have lost key productive assets including livestock and tools for cultivation. A rapid assessment conducted by the Danish Refugee Council (DRC) in Koch, Guit, and Rubkona in April cited low levels of engagement in agriculture, compared to pre-crisis years, due to insecurity-related restrictions to land and lack of inputs. Access to land, livelihoods, and livestock is reportedly somewhat better in Koch than in Leer and Mayendit. According to interviews conducted by REACH of 462 people, 22 percent of respondents own livestock in Leer, 44 percent own livestock in Mayendit, and 73 percent own livestock in Koch. It is unclear, though, the size or composition of livestock herds.Markets in Leer, Mayendit, and Koch are non-functional due to looting and low trade flows. For example, the April DRC report indicated Bieh market in Koch experienced three episodes of destruction. It is estimated that less than 20 percent of traders are currently operating in these counties, compared to 2013. Markets that are operational are functioning at very lower levels, selling primarily sugar, salt, and cooking oil. Most of the population lacks access to a market. According to the same report by REACH, 18 percent of respondents in Mayendit reported lack physical access to markets, while 44 and 56 percent inLeer and Koch, respectively, reported lack of physical access. Furthermore, an April DRC report found that most households in Koch preferred in-kind assistance, compared to those in Rubkona and Guit, who preferred cash assistance, indicating that market access may be relatively better in Rubkona and Guit. The only market in the state currently functioning near pre-crisis levels is Bentiu, but households from southern and central Unity have difficulty accessing it due to insecurity along the road.",3
11715,"Although food security outcomes will improve seasonally during the outlook period through September, the number of people facing Crisis (IPC Phase 3) or worse outcomes is estimated to be greater than the same period of last year and other recent years. Large assistance needs will remain throughout the period, including for households who are not displaced but who have been impacted by weak labor opportunities, poor rainfed staple production, and conflict-related disruptions to normal livelihoods.",5
4234,More than 58 percent Madagascar’s people lack access to safe drinking water and nearly half of all households live without sanitation facilities.,11
6108,60% of displaced Syrians over 15 years old are without legal residency. ,1
5762,"Another 17 structures were demolished or seized in Area C and East Jerusalem on grounds of lack of building permits, displacing 49 Palestinians, including 25 children, and affecting another 81",9
5979,"At least 37 people were killed and another 40 are missing as floods and landslides ravaged northern and central Vietnam.  The disasters injured 21 people and destroyed or damaged more than 1,000 houses, submerged another 16,740 homes and damaged infrastructure and crops in six central and northern provinces, the Vietnam Disaster Management Authority said in a statement on Thursday.  In the hardest-hit northern province of Hoa Binh, 11 people died and 21 others were missing.",10
6444,"This report is based on 52 interviews with Rohingya women and girls, including 29 survivors of rape, who fled to Bangladesh since these operations began.They described similarly brutal circumstances of the rapes.Human Rights Watch found that Burmese security forces raped and sexually assaulted women and girls both during major attacks on villages but also in the weeks prior to these major attacks sometimes after repeated harassment. In every case described to us, the perpetrators were uniformed members of security forces, almost all military personnel. While it is difficult to estimate the numbers of rapes that occurred, humanitarian organizations working with refugees in the camps in Bangladesh have reported receiving dozens or sometimes hundreds of cases.Some witnesses reported seeing women raped and then killed. Others do not report rape because of the deep stigma that makes survivors reluctant to seek assistance. Fear of having to pay medical fees that they cannot afford, or the lack of confidence in ever obtaining redress, also are factors. Of the survivors that Human Rights interviewed, almost two-thirds had not reported their rape to authorities or humanitarian organization.All but one of the rapes reported to Human Rights Watch were gang rapes, involving two or more perpetrators. In eight cases women and girls reported being raped by five or more soldiersEthnic Rakhine villagers, acting alongside and in apparent coordination with government security forces, were also responsible for sexual harassment, often connected with looting. Gang-rape survivors reported days of agony walking with swollen and torn genitals through jungle to Bangladesh. None of the rape survivors we interviewed received post rape care in Burma. They missed access to urgent interventions that must take place within days of the rape, like emergency contraception (120 hours) and prophylaxis against HIV infection (72 hours). The Burmese government obstructs humanitarian access to much of Rakhine State.",9
11764,"On 22 December 2017, the monitored Low Pressure Area east of Hinatuan, Surigao del Sur has developed into a Severe Tropical Storm and was named “Vinta” (international name: Tembin). It exited Philippine Area of Responsibility (PAR) on 24 December 2017.167,368 families or 789,502 persons are affected in 1,181 barangays in Regions MIMAROPA, VII, IX, X, XI, XII, CARAGA, and ARMM (see Table 1; details in Annex A).A total of 8,622 families or 42,178 persons are currently staying inside 41 evacuation centers in Regions MIMAROPA, IX, X, XII, and ARMM (see Table 2; details in Annex B).A total of 4,470 families or 22,464 persons are currently staying with families / friends in Regions IX, X, and XII (see Table 3; details in Annex B).At present, 4,003 houses were totally damaged and 4,061 were partially damaged by the onslaught of STS Vinta in Regions MIMAROPA, IX, X, XI, and ARMM (see Table 4; details in Annex C).",10
1735,"The deteriorating situation is attributed to poor food consumption due to a steep increase in food prices and inadequate household stocks due to poor harvests in the previous seasons. The situation is expected to deteriorate further due to the projected poor harvests from the March – April – May 2017 rains season, which depressed. ",8
763,"Humanitarian access in East Pokot sub-county (of Baringo County) remains severely constrained due to ongoing intercommunal conflict and security operations by government forces. While the humanitarian situation in the sub-county is of great concern (especially the malnutrition situation); access to the affected population is extremely limited. About fifteen health facilities in the area remain closed, and the remaining nineteen facilities are operating sub-optimally",4
4087,"More than 4,500 people in Malindi and Magarini, Kilifi county have been affected by floods, while 70,000 more require relief food.Magarini MP Michael Kingi on Friday said seven schools including one secondary have been closed. ",3
5990,"Malaria remains a significant concern, with recorded cases in 2017 now approaching 6 million. UNICEF is contributing to the community mobilization and behavior change efforts to contain the numbers of new cases.",4
4141,"The Palestinian casualties have included health care workers: from 30 March to 3 June, 321 health workers and 41 ambulances have been affected, according to data provided by the Palestinian Ministry of Health, the Palestinian Red Crescent Society, the Palestinian Medical Relief Society (PMRS) and the Union of Health Work Committees. Of those affected, 23 were hit by live ammunition, causing two fatalities, including a 21-year-old woman who was volunteering with the PMRS on 1 June.",4
8446,"4.1. 19 suspected cases of Cholera and one death (CFR, 5.26%) were reported from two LGAs in Borno State in week 41 compared with six suspected cases reported from Akinyele LGA in Oyo State during the same period in 2016.   4.2. Between weeks 1 and 41 (2017), 3437 suspected Cholera cases with 41 laboratory confirmed and 81 deaths (CFR, 2.36%) from 65 LGAs (19 States) were reported compared with 560 suspected cases and 25 deaths (CFR, 4.46%) from 48 LGAs (12 States) during the same period in 2016 (Figure 7).   4.3. Between weeks 1 and 52 (2016), 768 suspected Cholera cases with 14 laboratory confirmed cases and 32 deaths (CFR, 4.17%) from 57 LGAs (14 States) were reported compared with 5,301 cases with 29 laboratory confirmed cases and 186 deaths (CFR, 3.51%) from 101 LGAs (18 States and FCT) during the same period in 2015 (Figure 8).",4
7036,"Food shortages in Moyale have “reached a crisis phase” as Kenyan host families have depleted their food supplies, Ali said in a statement forwarded to Bloomberg by Halake.  “There is no access to adequate health-care,” he said. “There is no water for household consumption and lack of water storage containers in addition to open disposal of human waste.”",4
6006," Protecion actors have observed high levels of arbitrary arrests and detenion by both security forces and by state-supported miliia. In Hasansham/Khazer and Chamakor camps 21 cases of detenion were reported this week.  On 6 May a number of women from Hatra district, in south Ninewa Governorate reported that several of their male relieves were detained by government-affiliated militia at Ongarbyn camp near Badoush mustering point. A day later, 11 of the men were released and joined their families in Hammam Al-Alil while an unknown number of those detained remain unaccounted for. UNHCR and protection partners are deeply concerned at the reports of arbitrary detentions, disappearances and abuses and continue to advocate against the involvement of militia in security screening and in detention.  In a separate incident, authoriies at Scorpion Juncion detained 10 women and a minor girl, all of which were reportedly wives or widows of extremist group members. The women were eventually released and transferred to Hammam Al-Alil following persistent advocacy. ",9
4800,"The minister said the increase in the malaria cases is influenced by climate and environmental factors, as well as cross-border population movements from high malaria-endemic countries.  “We also realised that we left some pockets of villages that were deemed free of the mosquito, only to find out that the parasite was present, and I think that is the cause of this disaster. Also, our distribution of mosquito nets was weak, but most importantly perhaps is that people were not using the nets, so we have to strengthen educating the community on the importance of using their mosquito nets,” the minister said.",8
3025,"Approximately 43% of cases were reported from the Western Province. ? The most affected areas are the Colombo district, 18,761 cases; Gampaha, 12,121 cases; Kurunegala, 5,065 cases; Kalutara, 4,589 cases and Kandy, 4,209 cases. ? Preliminary laboratory results have identified dengue virus serotype 2 (DENV-2) as the circulating strain in this outbreak. ",4
3641,"The nature of these injuries shows that Israeli soldiers are using high-velocity military weapons designed to cause maximum harm to Palestinian protesters that do not pose imminent threat to them. These apparently deliberate attempts to kill and main are deeply disturbing, not to mention completely illegal. Some of these cases appear to amount to wilful killing, a grave breach of the Geneva Conventions and a war crime",9
1888,"In El Geneina, the capital of West Darfur, the price of a barrel of gasoline has risen to more than SDG 5,000 ($275) while the price of a gallon of diesel has amounted to SDG 260 ($14*).",7
6321,"Winter brings additional hardship to the population, as temperatures can plummet to -10oC in December and -20oC in January. Most live in poorly insulated homes and a smaller number in collective centers, and are unable to cover the rising utility costs. In some villages, gas pipes have been damaged by shelling and, as a result, coal and firewood represent the sole means of heating homes. UNHCR staff report that people are often forced to make a choice between buying food and medicines, or fuel to heat their dwellings. The situation is particularly critical in the non-government controlled areas, where 40 per cent of the households are in need of heating fuel and nearly 90 per cent are in need of winter clothes and insulation.",7
5836,"Because a repatriation deal between the neighbouring countries has been delayed, Bangladesh is racing to prepare new homes on a nearby island, called Bhasan Char, before the monsoons that could arrive later this month.",10
2950,"Unable to use the submerged roads, people have taken to using boats as the main form of transportation in some places.",6
7111,"Though many households in the Southeast Pastoral-Border zone remain in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) as they recover from particularly severe droughts, most rural populations in Djibouti are expected to remain in Stressed (IPC Phase 2) until the start of the lean season in May.- Staple food prices (rice, wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil) continue to remain stable due to favorable international market conditions.",3
8596,"Incidence as well as the case-fatality ratio in DR-Congo have remained relatively high since the beginning of 2017. The most affected areas are: Tanganyika, with several Health Zones, as well as provinces alongside the Congo river, up to Kongo central. Neighboring countries are also reporting uncontrolled outbreaks: Angola with three areas with confirmed cholera cases (Soyo district, Zaire province (North West) - date of onset 13/12/2016, located in the border with DRC) and Zambia where the MOH have reported a cumulative 67 cholera cases between 14 Feb. and 27 March 2017, located in Nchelenge and Chiengi Districts, Luapula Province, bordering the DRC and lake Mweru.",4
9406,"In addition to the personal losses of homes and crops, more than 716 schools, numerous health facilities, and the existing sanitation infrastructure all suffered damage. ",10
11379,"6.1m protection  There is a need to strengthen identification of traumatized civilians and provision of psychosocial support to them. Psychosocial and reintegration programmes should particularly target vulnerable groups such as conflict-affected children and women/girls who have survived sexual violence and often face cultural barriers to reporting incidents of abuse. As counter-insurgency measures continue in Borno State, more civilians in newly accessible areas who have lacked access to nearly all basic services and are struggling for survival are being identified by humanitarian actors. Many of them have been subjected to grave violations with resulting trauma, including from abduction, sexual violence, family separation and killings of family members",9
1430,"At least 19 people were killed when Islamist attackers launched a car bomb and gun attack on a busy hotel and adjacent restaurant in the Somali capital, a police officer said on Thursday.",9
6168,A total of 132 suspected cases of immediately reportable diseases and events including 27 deaths were reported ? Completeness and timeliness of health facility reports were 97% and 96% respectively,4
7188,"The shelling of Derna has caused damage to schools, mosques and private homes with the area of Sahel al-Sharki being the most affected. Part of the desalination plant was also damaged in shelling on 28 May impacting water supply. Fighting also led to damage to the power supply.",5
8281,SoSh (Somali shilling)-using areas: Consumer Price Index (CPI) increased (2-6%) in most of the SoSh using areas in March 2017 month-on-month due to mild increases in red sorghum prices.The CPI rose (15-35%) more sharply compared to a year ago due to the same reasons mentioned above. ,3
10120,Humanitarian assistance and coordination around school evictions by local authorities have continued  despite security issues in last weeks. Most schools identified by the humanitarian community in Jeremie  for assistance and protection have now been evicted to allow resumption of schooling.,10
1819,"More than half of all hospitals’ staff had no training to prepare for or respond to airstrikes, or to document airstrikes; and one third of hospital staff had no experience in occupational safety or risk management.",4
11650,"However, the residents are still  displaced outside the city and are unaware of  their faith. Forces in Sirte must take  necessary safeguards to spare civilians and  must immediately set up humanitarian  corridors to ensure that urgently needed  supplies can be delivered safely to Sirte  residents. ",1
7390,"Concerns persist for people across the city and along the Mosul corridor. Civilians will continue to be in danger in the areas where fighting continues, including Ba’aj, Telafar and south of Qayyarah. There is clear evidence that civilians were used as human shields and deliberately targeted by snipers as they attempted to flee. A high number of improvised explosive devices were found in the rubble in areas of return and the Iraqi Security Forces will continue with decontamination of houses and tunnels in the Old City at least for the next month. Women, girls, boys and men are traumatized by the conflict, and there is growing concern for a lost generation of Iraqi children due to conflict.",9
1301,"Hundreds of indigenous Warao people from the Orinoco Delta in Venezuela have arrived in Brazil. They are located in Pacaraima and Boa Vista (Roraima state) as well as in Manaus (Amazonas state). The Warao say they travelled around 2,000 km. Many do not have documents, particularly children who constitute almost half of the Warao population in Brazil, which has made the registration process very complicated. Among the solutions achieved after active advocacy by UNHCR, the authorities are accepting the declaration of a Warao leader as identification for the children to present asylum claims. However, there is great concern regarding their safety, as a large number continues to live on the streets mainly in the border city of Pacaraima.",9
11356,The current drought continues to affect the education sector across the arid counties. Firstterm enrolment in sampled schools in Wajir County remains 20 to 30 percent less than for the same period in 2016. This decrease is attributed in part to migration due to drought as well as inadequate regular school feeding. Pre-primary and lower primary children are most affected. School attendance is inconsistent and the rate of transition of children from early childhood development centres to primary schools is much lower than in 2016.,2
4864,"Surveyed households in southern hard-to-reach areas are relying frequently on negative coping strategies and have higher levels of inadequate food consumption than in March. The security situation has deteriorated in the western communities of Dar’a and in rural Damascus, and there are restrictions on access and movement for people in need.",3
9214,"A fourth person has likely died from Ebola in remote northeastern Democratic Republic of Congo, the World Health Organization said on Sunday, as the overall number of cases rose to 37 from 29.",4
9787,"Training programme has been pursued for the physicians, nurses and community health workers on the treatment of acute watery diarrhoea (AWD) and preparation for possible cholera cases. Eight functioning primary health care (PHC) clinics are being supported in the camps. A further nine health care clinics are planned. The UNICEF health and child protection sections are working closely with health sector partners in gender based violence (GBV) related concerns to strengthen the referral pathways.",4
1340,"On 6th November, LEO cut off Petrovskyi water intake, in Government Controlled Areas (GCA) of Luhansk oblast, due to non-payment of historic debts. PVK have nearly been able to clear debts since August 2016, thanks to payments made by Luhansk Voda, from Non-Government Controlled Areas (NGCA) which were facilitated by successful Minsk negotiations. However historic debts remain from pre 2016.   Petrovskyi water intake belongs to the Popasnyanskyi Vodocanal (PVK), which is the main water supplier to NGCA Luhansk via several water systems, as well as some GCA areas. Petrovskyi intake serves two settlements in GCA Artema and Nyznhoteple and several settlements in NGCA, mainly Luhansk city.   The overall number of served people is officially around 150, 000 people (pre-conflict number supplied by PVK) of the estimated 350,000 people in Luhansk city, however in 2017 Petrovskyi only supplies water around 10% of the needs of Luhansk city, where it is diluted with other water sources to improve the overall water quality. Luhansk Voda has developed alternative water sources since the start of the conflict, although quality is worse from those sources. Villages between the line of contact and Luhansk city, on the route of the pipeline, will require trucked water: Obozne, Pryvitne, Stukalova Balka and Metallist (the WASH cluster is checking of Luhansk Voda is trucking sufficient water).  ",11
9779,"During the weekend, military operations led by Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) resumed, opening a new front in the north west of Mosul city. The ISF have continue to advance, attempting to close up their encirclement of the Old City, estimated by the UN to host a minimum 200 000 people. Humanitarian conditions of civilians trapped in the Old City worsen by the day. Those injured do not have access to appropriate emergency medical care. Coordinated efforts to protect and assist this civilian population, most at risk, are to be urgently prioritised.  The Government of Iraq records a total of 584 000 people displaced, as result of the Mosul military operation since October 2016. This represents an increase of over 192 000 people in one month. Still, approximately 50% of the population from newly retaken districts in West Mosul remain in their homes. ",11
7155,"Despite the overall flood situation in the northern districts improving with the major rivers flowing below the danger mark, inadequate relief goods, especially potable water, are still reported in the affected region.With water level of the major rivers falling below, the danger of erosion started growing, posing threat to establishments on the river banks.  Moreover, with days going by, the flood-affected people are greatly fearing an outbreak of waterborne diseases.",3
382,"Key issues in Ar-Raqqa city are the protection concerns related to explosive hazard contamination, widespread infrastructural damages and the lack of public service delivery. Deaths and injuries of civilians, including children, due to explosive hazard continue to be reported in Ar-Raqqa city. While contamination levels remain high and have resulted in hundreds of fatalities since the end of the Ar-Raqqa offensive in October, it appears that the trend of blastrelated casualties is gradually decreasing to an average of 13 blast victims per week from over 50 per week in November and December. Meanwhile, mine risk education activities have been ongoing across Ar-Raqqa city since January 2018 and humanitarian actors continue to scale up these activities. Humanitarian mine action survey, marking and clearance operations continue in Ar-Raqqa governorate, but not in Ar-Raqqa city.",9
2069,"In March, media reports suggested passage of delivery convoys through some areas, such as Dhamar governorate, was being delayed by parties requiring the payment of taxes in order to enter the governorate. Disruptions such as these can contribute to limit the effectiveness of humanitarian assistance delivery.",6
11937,"Due to the near complete failure of the 2016 Deyr/Hageya rainy season, followed by the extended dry period through April 2017, significant livestock deaths of all species have occurred in southern and southeastern pastoral areas due to the poor rangeland conditions and limited water availability. However, by mid-May, due to enhanced and late season Gu/Genna/Belg rains, there were slight improvements in water and pasture availability in eastern and central regions.",5
1422,Expected extended drought for the incoming farming season might overstretch the response capacity of the communities hosting IDPs. When local resources will be exhausted people will be displaced to the collective centers,9
8779,"South Kordofan has witnessed bread and fuel crisis, especially in Kadugli, since the beginning of the year.",3
10939,521 new cases reported in week 41. Six regions with active transmission and two reporting over 100 cases in the week under review due to late reporting .7 47 340 aws d. 859 deaths,4
4869,"In general, there are adequate maize stocks in country from the 2015/16 harvest and carryover stocks to meet demand up to the end of the current marketing season in April and beyond. Despite the large amount of in country maize stocks and the continued maize export ban, retail maize and meal prices remain 60 percent above the recent five-year average. In April, maize prices typically begin to decrease as food supplies from the green and main harvests enter the market and demand for food purchases declines. By June, maize prices are expected to remain above the five-year average, but will fall to levels below last season.",3
7384,"Reports from the Office of the President show an updated number of 184,000 households, 175 health facilities and 16,000 schools damaged by the 7 and 19 September earthquakes. Reconstruction has started in 4,000 schools, which means that 75% of severely damaged schools are yet to start demolition and rebuilding. More than 73,000 families in Chiapas and Oaxaca have received support for house reconstruction. (Source: Presidency. 7 November)",10
10646,UNHCR has been working to bolster the quality of shelters in the camps by supplying higher quality materials as well as expanding technical support for construction and drainage.,10
5406,"The health ministry said Haiti has had about 7,400 suspected new cholera cases since the start of the year, compared with almost 20,200 at the same point last year. There were more than 18,600 cases in the first six months of 2015 and some 7,451 in the same period in 2014, according to health ministry figures. ",4
7827,"UN identifies critical humanitarian needs among more than 35,000 IDPs sheltering in Borno’s Rann town",10
499," Tanzania: An increase in the epidemic trend has been noted. During week 8 (week ending 25 February 2018), 321 new cases including 7 deaths (CFR, 2.2%) were reported compared to 231 cases including 5 deaths (CFR, 2.2%) reported in week 7 (week ending 18 February 2018). These new cases are concen- trated in 5 regions, namely Morogoro (45), Iringa (18), Dodoma (89 cases and 6 deaths), Rukwa (47) and Ruvuma (122 cases and 1 death). Cumulatively a total of 29,918 cases including 493 deaths have been reported in Tanzania mainland, as from August 2015. Of these, a total of 1,287 cases and 27 deaths have been reported since the beginning of 2018.",4
3728,"Authorities in the department of Huila, located in the Andean region of Colombia, reported today that the earthquake of magnitude 5.7 on the Richter scale that struck early yesterday that demarcation, caused affectations in 81 homes.The report from Neiva, the departmental capital, said that the tremor left two people injured, affected in about 81 homes and 12 schools in rural areas.Areas close to Huila, such as Tolima and Quindio, also reported minor damage, while the earthquake also occurred in Bogota.In this capital were evacuated several buildings and the international airport El Dorado was momentarily closed like preventive measure",10
5041,"On 3 April, armed groups attacked the temporary U.N. peacekeeping base in Tagbara, located 70 km northeast of Bambari. One peacekeeper was killed and 11 wounded while 21 deaths were reported among the armed groups. It is also reported that at least twenty civilians were killed, including four women and four children. Around 8 000 civilians from the villages of Tagbara and Seko fled the scene. The humanitarian response is being put in place to cover the most urgent needs such as health and nutrition, NFI, Wash and food. Protection remains an issue as the security situation in the two villages is seriously hampering the humanitarian access to the most vulnerable population.",3
1545,"21 August 2017: In Jabal al-Baba village, West Bank, Israeli forces demolished the only kindergarten for the Palestinian Bedouin community on the basis that it had been built without Israeli permission. Sources: Norwegian Refugee Council and Wafa22 August 2017: In Jubbet ad-Dib village, West Bank, Israeli forces demolished a primary school. Sources: Norwegian Refugee Council and The New Arab 22 August 2017: In Abu Nuwar village, West Bank, Israeli forces dismantled and confiscated solar panels of a primary school, leaving it without power. Source: Norwegian Refugee Council 22 August 2017: In Jib al-Deeb village, West Bank, Israeli forces seized mobile classrooms ",2
6571,"Schools rely on the same water sources as households, and thus face similar conditions in terms of access, availability, and quality of drinking water services. Most schools in Tajikistan have access to piped water sources in their yard, but a significant proportion rely on open drinking water sources that may pose a health risk for children. A greater proportion of schools in urban areas (74 percent) have access to water piped into the compound or yard as their main source of drinking water than schools in rural areas (50 percent). Moreover, a larger proportion of primary schools (grades 1-4), which younger children attend, use open water as their main source of drinking water than basic schools (grades 5-9). The chemical quality of the drinking water is lower in rural areas. Thus, rural students are more likely to consume water with higher concentrations of inorganic salts, organic matter, and traces of heavy metals. The average free and total chlorine concentrations are alarmingly low and may pose a significant health risk for children.",4
6559,"Three consecutive years of reduced harvests, compounded by access constraints due to market disruptions and declining purchasing power, resulted in an alarming food security situation. Most households are facing serious food access constraints. In addition, not only the quantity of food intake is reduced, but the dietary diversity is also drastically diminished by the substitution of more nutritious cereal and vegetable staples with cassava and the sharp reduction of animal proteins intake. This widespread dietary deterioration raises serious concerns of having a dire effect in terms of nutrition and health. However, in recent months, the above average 2016 harvest and slightly-improved civil security has resulted in a significant improvement in the food security situation.",5
3581,"Extreme dryness from December 2016 to February 2017 affected the clove and coffee producing region of the eastern coast from Fenerive-est to Manakara (less than 30 percent of average rainfall). Rice producing regions of central western Madagascar received 30-40 percent of average rainfall. This will affect small farmer incomes from crop sales, in addition to labor incomes, and may also affect trade flows and price levels throughout the country.  • Southeastern Madagascar experienced some of the most severe dryness from January to early February, which disrupted the cropping season, particularly for rice and cash crops. As a result, this part of the country, that’s normal lean season begins in January, peaks in February and ends in March, may last until June 2017 due to the poor crop conditions and the high food prices on markets. The area also experienced flooding from Cyclone Enawo in March.",3
2027,"Cholera has affected more than 130 people in Rugombo, Cibitoke western province from 21 December 2016. Rugombo is the latest of the multiple occurrences of the epidemic that has been, from last July, sweeping across the coastline of Lake Tanganyika where it is endemic.",4
1462,"In Toungoo district, land confiscation and destruction is also caused by development projects, such as dam building,[7] construction of electricity cables and pylons,[8] creation of an industrial zone,[9] road construction,[10] and other military purposes. For example, in 2014 the Burma/Myanmar government confiscated areas of land for which villagers already possessed land titles. This land, in C--- and D--- villages, was then sold to Nyein Chan Yay [Peace Group].",5
5543,"In March 2017 heavy rainfalls caused severe flooding and landslides across Peru and have affected large parts of the population. A state of emergency was declared in 12 of the country's 25 departments. The crisis led to alarming food insecurity among the affected population. A WFP-led Rapid Food Security Assessment conducted in Piura, La Libertad and Lambayeque indicated that 59 percent of households are food insecure, of which nine percent face severe food insecurity.",3
2231,"Fuel shipments going through Afrin district halted, resulting in an increase in fuel prices in Afrin district and in north-western Syria. The provision of water through the network stopped since 27 January, allegedly due to the ai rstrikes near the 17th of April dam. Civilians in the town are relying on water trucks to meet their water needs. The lack of fuel in the district has reportedly raised the price 1,000 liters of water from 1,200 SYP to 2,500 SYP.",11
6797,"Health, shelter, food and drinking water needs have all been identified as initial key priorities.",3
7448,"Civilians, including children, continue to be maimed and killed by landmines and explosive remnants of war. From January to June 2017, a total of 80 casualties (15 deaths and 65 injuries) have been reported in Shan and Kachin. Victim assistance has been provided to 39 landmine survivors, including 28 children, from January to June 2017",9
2909,"Between weeks 1 and 40 (2017), 9807 suspected CSM cases with 108 laboratory confirmed cases and 602 deaths (CFR, 6.14%) were recorded from 315 LGAs (33 States) compared with 719 suspected cases and 30 deaths (CFR, 4.17%) from 140 LGAs (29 States) during the same period in 2016 (Figure 9).",4
10183,"The majority of returnees, 88% (847,578 returnees), are residing in their original house of habitual residence. Despite this predominant trend, in Al Mahwit and Al Hudaydah just 10% (or 108 individuals) and 22% (or 978 returnees) respectively, of the identified returnee population have returned to their original house of habitual residence. Top priority needs are Food (49%), financial support (26%) and access to income (10%)",5
8101,"The cholera outbreak in north-east Nigeria, that started on 16 August 2017, has now claimed the lives of at least 30 individuals in Borno State. The number of suspected cases stands at 1,165, with confirmed outbreaks in Maiduguri, Dikwa and Monguno. Further data verification is needed from Monguno and regarding potential cases in Konduga and Mafa. In addition, because more than half of the suspected cases in the confirmed locations are outpatients, the above numbers may not reflect the true total caseload. Most cases are concentrated in the “Muna Corridor” in Maiduguri, which includes 15 sites for displaced, including Muna Garage, Customs House and Farm Centre",4
8820,"Livelihoods ? A meeting with the Melkadida Kebele took place regarding the selection of host community farmers for the Melkadida II (40 ha) and Melkadida III (40 ha) irrigation schemes. In response to the drought, Sudan grass (Sorghum sudanense) livestock fodder was planted in the entire area of the Melkadida I scheme, as decided by local host community and refugee farmers.  ",0
10195,"Since January, 60,725 children were vaccinated against measles and 21,500 children were treated for Acute Watery Diarrhoea (AWD). UNICEF has completed its 2017 procurement of live saving vaccines and essential nutrition supplies, albeit some constraints in the delivery of these supplies due to sporadic fuel shortages resulting in interruptions to timely transportation to peripheral health facilities.",8
6732,"An estimated 141,000 children affected by conflict or intercommunal tensions in Myanmar are in need of humanitarian interventions in education. The major needs include: (1) improved access to safe and equipped learning spaces and quality learning opportunities; (2) improved ability to cope with negative psychological effects and limit physical danger caused by the crisis. Many conflict-affected children and adolescents in Myanmar remain displaced or face restrictions on freedom of movements and access to services. Those in need of humanitarian education services include: 37,700 children in Kachin, 3,300 in Shan, and 100,000 in Rakhine.",2
7869,"The ICRC last year visited more than 11,000 detainees in Yemen and 250 Yemeni detainees in Saudi Arabia. '",9
5069,"Many respondents described a feeling of despondency and desperation towards life in Kalobayei that is pushing some people to return to South Sudan. Factors driving this were restricted opportunities for self-reliance, poor relations with the host community, and limited options for resettlement. The primary factor pushing respondents and people they know to consider returning to South Sudan was insecurity in and around Kalobayei. Because firewood distribution has been delayed for months, refugees are forced to gather wood outside of the settlement. Respondents reported that when they do so women are raped and men are beaten by the host community. Furthermore, respondentsstated that their shelters are often robbed of food and non-food items in the night. This is particularly concerning because restrictions on using the soil3 reportedly prevent refugees from building substantial walls for their shelters; the tarp walls are easily cut open. In addition, respondents shared severe concern about access to basic services. Access to firewood, food, safe drinking water, healthcare, education, and police protection were consistently described as inadequate and unpredictable.",2
133,"As over 75 percent of rural families rely on agriculture for their livelihoods, the provision of inputs, the availability of which has been affected by the conflict, is critically needed in order to resume agricultural activities and restore livelihoods.",0
3116,"On targeted food distribution, they felt that food distribution should not be targeted because they are all refugees. According to them, the rich work for their money while others are just staying. Therefore, the rich should not be penalized for their hard work by taking away or reducing their rations.The youth feel that giving aid to only the poor and the poorest could cause problems in the camp as those who no longer receive aid may feel less cared for, develop bad feelings towards those receiving and may actually start stealing from those still receiving aid.",3
8247,"On at least twelve occasions, Israeli forces opened fire to enforce Gaza’s Access Restricted Areas (ARA) on land and sea, disrupting the access to livelihoods of Palestinian farmers and fishermen, but with no injuries reported. On two occasions, Israeli forces carried out levelling and excavation activities along the perimeter fence inside Gaza. In another incident, one Palestinian man was detained by Israeli forces at Erez crossing",5
8717,"With 17.3 percent of the world’s population and 23.4 percent of world’s undernourished population, India bears a huge burden of global food insecurity. Though there are some recent improvements in the nutritional status of children, the rates are well above acceptable levels. Micronutrient deficiencies are very high (anaemia among women - 55.3 percent). The sex ratio is declining (940 females per 1000 males) and expected years of schooling among females is less than that for males. India ranks 97 (out of 118 countries) on the 2016 Global Hunger Index. Recent economic growth, food grain production of 264.8 million MT and the existence of three large food safety nets to cover the entire vulnerable population of the country allows WFP to play a catalytic role.  ",3
5097,"Heavy rain has been affecting several areas of the country over the past week causing floods. Approx. 281 mm of rain were recorded in Kuantan city (Pahang state) over 24 - 25 January. Local media reported, as of 25 January at 7.00 UTC, that over 15 000 people have been evacuated in the states of Kelantan, Johor, Perak, Selangor, Malacca and Sabah.",10
8302," An earthquake measuring 4.4 on the Richter scale hit suburbs of Zarand, a city north of the southeastern Kerman Province, on Tuesday.  The state seismographic center said the quake, which was sensible 10 kms deep inside the ground, occurred at 09:46 hours local time (05:16 GMT) on Tuesday. ",10
1048,"Madagascar’s southern regions have been heavily affected by a prolonged drought, aggravated by the effects of El Niño. According to the recently conducted IPC analysis, 850,000 people from the nine most drought-affected districts are severely food insecure (emergency and crisis phases) and in need of immediate food assistance. Another 128,000 people in IPC 2 phase (stressed), but residing in IPC 4 areas also require assistance, as the risk of deterioration of their food security status remains high.",8
6268,"2.0 AWD/cholera case fatality rate as of 16 April (558 deaths to 28,408 cases) ",4
852,"Italy has become a battleground for vaccines, with tensions increasing in March following a measles outbreak. The country saw more than 1,000 cases in the first three months of 2017, a 450 per cent increase year on year. ",4
6894,"One significant resource is increasingly limited cooking fuel. Wood fuel collected from protected forest reserves is the main source of cooking fuel for refugees. The speed of the influx of arrivals is contributing to the lack of cooking fuel in markets and its high prices, now reaching more than 60 percent of refugee households’ weekly expenditure. To afford fuel, people are resorting to selling food and assets. More and more food, firewood and other commodities are being imported from neighbouring districts, as local people are unable to meet the demands of the burgeoning market. High prices of goods and transportation are increasing the negative impacts on the local population.",7
11463,"More than 1.1 million people have been affected, including 155,000 displaced. Of the affected population, some 309,000 are boys, girls and adolescences.  • With 29 per cent of the affected population, he Department of Piura is bearing the brunt of the floods and mudslides.  • Some of the most pressing needs are related to WASH, Health, Food Security and Shelter sectors.  • Although the majority of displaced people are with host families, some 22,500 people have moved to 135 official temporary shelters in nine departments.",11
10287,"In Fizi, South Kivu, where unrest has caused displacement in recent months, compared to prices over the past three months, there has been a significant increase in prices for staple foods. Prices for cassava and maize flour have nearly tripled (150 and 200 percent, respectively). Palm oil prices have also doubled (OCHA).",5
5392,"On 22 December 2017, the monitored Low Pressure Area east of Hinatuan, Surigao del Sur has developed into a Severe Tropical Storm and was named “Vinta” (international name: Tembin). It exited Philippine Area of Responsibility (PAR) on 24 December 2017.165,392 families or 780,440 persons are affected in 1,153 barangays in Regions MIMAROPA, VII, IX, X, XI, XII, CARAGA, and ARMM (see Table 1; details in Annex A).A total of 15,576 families or 75,880 persons are currently staying inside 53 evacuation centers in Regions MIMAROPA, IX, X, XI, XII, CARAGA, and ARMM (see Table 2; details in Annex B).A total of 4,470 families or 22,464 persons are currently staying with families / friends in Regions IX, X, XI, and XII (see Table 3; details in Annex B).At present, 3,563 houses were totally damaged and 3,118 were partially damaged by the onslaught of STS Vinta in Regions MIMAROPA, IX, X, XI, and ARMM (see Table 4; details in Annex C).",10
4769,"In interviews with 257 women and 39 girls (ages 17 and under) Human Rights Watch documented 305 cases of sexual violence by members of armed groups. At least 13 of the women survivors were girls at the time of the violence. Some survivors experienced sexual violence multiple times, on separate occasions. In some cases of sexual slavery—wherein fighters committed sexual violence and exerted ownership over victims—women or girls experienced multiple rapes over a period of days, weeks, or months. In 21 additional cases, 17 women and 4 girls said they experienced violence by armed groups—including abduction, beatings, and other physical abuse—but did not discuss sexual violence. Two of these women told Human Rights Watch about other incidents of sexual violence they experienced by members of armed groups.",9
760,"The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said they had also seized almost half of the adjacent district of al-Senaa from the militants.  'If they're able to take the whole neighbourhood, it would be their most important advance to date because it would put them at the gates of the Old City,' Observatory chief Rami Abdel Rahman said.  The western approach to the city was littered with mangled motorcycles and unexploded mortar rounds fired by IS, an AFP correspondent said.",9
504,"MOTORISTSIn Tharaka-Nithi, a strong wind accompanied by heavy downpour on Wednesday evening blew off roofs of four houses in Tumanya Primary School in Tharaka South Sub-County.The affected houses are: staffroom, head teacher’s office, deputy’s office and senior teacher’s office. ",2
11827,"There are concerns that women will also bear the brunt of the epidemic in Congo, as they tend to fill some of the same roles. ",4
8643,"A UN/SARC/ICRC interagency convoy entered Duma amid ongoing violence on 5 and 9 March 2018 with food for 27,500 people, along with health and nutrition supplies. Many of the planned health supplies intended for Duma were not allowed to be loaded. The needs of affected people remain severe, across sectors including WASH, food, shelter/NFIs, health and protection.",7
10462,"The primary reported needs for IDPs across the whole of Libya were access to food, health services and shelter. The main issues related to the above-mentioned needs are that goods are too expensive and therefore IDPs have limit access. Other issues cited for access to health included irregular supply of medicines and low quality of available health services due to overcrowded facilities, lack of medical staff and a diminished availability of female doctors.",4
8540,Many of the areas where people have settled will be prone to flooding and/or landslides during the rainy season. Community engagement and preparedness is required in addition of the identification of the most critical areas for planning relocations,10
5395,"The destruction of 218 Health Centers (DPD, Kasai Region) since the beginning of the crisis in the Kasai Region has caused the weakening of the health system, reduce access to basic health services for 40,000 individuals and increase the risk of communicable diseases like measles.",4
7088,"A recent spike at the beginning of 2017 saw over 4,500 refugees crossing the Eritrea-Ethiopia border and in urgent need of humanitarian assistance.As 150–200 refugees arrive daily at the Endabaguna screening centre, IOM will continue to work in close coordination with ARRA, UNHCR and partners to ensure refugees are supported with transport to safely reach the refugee camps.",10
6800,"Conversely, in central and southwestern Ethiopia, northeastern Uganda, and southwestern Kenya, rainfall was 25 to 100 mm below norma",0
1388,"Local farmers in Meroe in the Northern state, expressed concern that their farms would be at risk of thirst if the crisis continues. MPs have warned of the failure of the summer agricultural season in all areas of production because of the lack of diesel.",7
11720,"Diphtheria is rapidly spreading among Rohingya refugees in Cox’s Bazar, Bangladesh, WHO warned today.  More than 110 suspected cases, including 6 deaths, have been clinically diagnosed by health partners, including Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) and the International Federation of the Red Cross (IFRC).  'These cases could be just the tip of the iceberg. This is an extremely vulnerable population with low vaccination coverage, living in conditions that could be a breeding ground for infectious diseases like cholera, measles, rubella, and diphtheria,' said Dr Navaratnasamy Paranietharan, WHO Representative to Bangladesh.We are working with partners to ensure that clinical guidance is available to health workers, and that there are enough beds and medicines for those who get sick. But the only way to control this outbreak is to protect people, particularly children, through vaccination,' said Dr Paranietharan",4
8468,Challenges/Gaps Continued assistance to besieged areas. ? Limited funding for winter activities and poor access to fuel or heating resources and possible weather related delays of winter activities. ? Uncertainty regarding the extension of the UNSC Resolution 2165 and the potential impact on 2018 Cross border operations. ? Possible interference of armed groups on the implementation of shelter and NFI activities,7
4937,"In background discussions, leaders of almost all major political parties revealed that so far only the PML-N and PTI had taken practical steps to ensuring the maximum presence of their members in the National Assembly and Senate when the government presents the bill for passage, as per the understanding reached between all parties last week.  Other parties, despite agreeing on the proposal to extend the term of the military courts for another two years, do not appear so enthusiastic about the exercise. ",9
2814,Children with special needs are facing significant challenges in accessing learning facilities.  ,2
1527,"10,020Children aged 0-59 months with SAM from 20 drought-affected districts admitted and treated in the IMAM programme as of 29 December 2017(DHIS, December 2017)",8
303,"A decline in the epidemic trend has been noted. During week 15, 33 new cases were reported compared to 60 cases including 4 deaths (CFR, 6.7%) reported in week 14. These new cases are concentrated in Hoima district located in Western region. Cumulatively a total of 2,224 cases including 47 deaths have been reported since the outbreak started in February 2018. The majority of the affected people are refugees from the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ",4
6810,"at the national level, about 148,458 persons are food insecure or vulnerable to food insecurity representing approximately 8% of the total population (of which 0.6% are severely food insecure) of the 2015 projected population of The Gambia. This represents an increase in the proportion of the food insecure population from 5.6% in the 2011 CFSVA.",3
4372,Poor coverage of sanitation and access to clean water remain the main causes of malnutrition and water-borne diseases.,11
11194,"In Torit, suspect meningitis continued to decline with no new cases in week 13 and the weekly attack rate remaining below the alert threshold in weeks 11 , 12, & 13. At least 173 suspect cases (31 deaths) reported. PCR sample testing revealed no definitive etiological pathogen.",4
11434,"Citing the lack of Israeli-issued building permits, the Israeli authorities demolished or seized 16 structures in six localities in Area C, resulting in no displacement, but affecting the livelihoods of around 362 people. Eleven of the targeted structures were in the Area C parts of Shuqba and Jibiya villages (both in Ramallah), Al ‘Auja (Jericho) and in the Palestinian community of South ‘Anata Bedouins (Jerusalem). Of the targeted structures, four were used as classrooms and two as latrine facilities in a primary school serving 24 students in the herding community of Khirbet Zanuta in southern Hebron. One of the structures affected during the period, which was used as a classroom in the Jabal al Baba Bedouin community in Area C of the Jerusalem governorate, had been provided as humanitarian assistance in response to previous demolitions. This demolition affected 290 persons, including 151 children. Jabal al Baba is one of the 46 Palestinian Bedouin communities in the central West Bank at high risk of forcible transfer. Additionally, Israeli forces demolished a car wash and a public playground for children, both located near Qalandiya checkpoint and Kafr Aqab affecting the livelihood of 86 people, and a workshop in Beit Anan village in Jerusalem (Area B), where they seized computers, printers and other equipment, reportedly on the grounds of incitement activities, impacting the livelihoods of 17 people",10
5092,"Yesterday, April 15, 2018, SAMS-supported Al-Mara’a Hospital in Idlib was subjected to unlawful attacks carried out by armed factions that lasted more than seven hours. Heavy armed clashes started in the vicinity of the hospital and soon moved inside the building, instilling fear and panic in medical staff and their patients, and causing material damages, including the destruction of the hospital’s blood bank.",4
6772,"Togo reported an outbreak of highly pathogenic H5N1 bird flu at a poultry farm in the southern part of the country, the Paris-based World Organisation for Animal Health (OIE) said on Monday, citing a report from the Togolese farm ministry. The virus was detected on farm of 35,000 laying hens, located in the Maritime Region, the ministry said in the statement. It had infected 3,600 birds and killed 152 of them, it said.",5
10999,"Response activities are building momentum, with supplies. additional humanitarian organizations and staff arriving in the most-affected areas of north-eastern Madagascar.Since the start of the response, more than 76,400 people have received food assistance, and more than 55,700 people have received WASH support. 60,000 people benefrted from support to access to health care and emergency shelter assistance was provided to 8,050 households. The Education Cluster is responding to Emergency educational needs of 45.100 children.",4
3377,"Since ISIL takeover in 2014, it has been difficult to leave the governorate due to stringent movement restrictions, and inward movement has not been significant. Following the start of the Ar-Raqqa offensive in late 2016, there has been small-scale inward movement primarily from ArRaqqa, as well as small-scale intra-governorate displacemen",9
7374,"Minister of Labor, Social Affairs, Martyrs and Disabled Nasrin Oriakhail, in phone call with TOLOnews, said that because of the amount of snow in the past 24 hours an emergency had been declared",10
8610,"On 3 April, armed groups attacked the temporary U.N. peacekeeping base in Tagbara, located 70 km northeast of Bambari. One peacekeeper was killed and 11 wounded while 21 deaths were reported among the armed groups. It is also reported that at least twenty civilians were killed, including four women and four children. Around 8 000 civilians from the villages of Tagbara and Seko fled the scene. The humanitarian response is being put in place to cover the most urgent needs such as health and nutrition, NFI, Wash and food. Protection remains an issue as the security situation in the two villages is seriously hampering the humanitarian access to the most vulnerable population.",4
5397,"Humanitarian organisation, Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF), on Sunday, said no fewer than seven persons died of cholera outbreak in Maiduguri in the past three weeks.",4
4136,"Vaccination has begun in other areas of Equateur Province with confirmed cases of Ebola. On 28 May, ring vaccination began in Bikoro, which is 150 kilometres from the provincial capital. Later this week, vaccinators from Guinea and the Democratic Republic of the Congo are expected to start ring vaccination in Iboko health zone, which is the most remote of the three areas reporting confirmed cases.",4
2392,"Many IDPs and affected host communities have struggled to afford rent for proper housing to enable them to live in safety and with dignity. This is the result of a loss of livelihoods, limited employment opportunities and other incomegenerating activities, significant challenges to accessing funds and depleted savings. IDPs returning to their original place of residence lack access to mechanisms for property restitution, reconstruction of their homes, or compensation and are often accommodated in temporary housing, or in their damaged homes, with very limited means of shelter or basic relief items",10
9297,"NGOs have noted that these conditions will persist so long as movement from the Greek islands to mainland Europe is prohibited for the majority of asylum seekers. This has been the case since the implementation of the EU-Turkey Statement in March 2016. Moreover, the vast majority of asylum-seekers arriving on the Greek islands from Turkey are not being returned, as was demanded under the EU-Turkey deal.",9
8258,"Meanwhile, according to the United Nations, some 326,400 dunams (80,655 acres) of arable land are currently off limits to Palestinians in the occupied Palestinian territory, deeply impacting agricultural production and the broader Palestinian economy.",0
10654,"A Rohingya refuge has been trampled to death by a wild elephant in Ukhiya refugee camp in Cox’s Bazar. Meanwhile, four to five people were also injured during the incident.",1
11798,"The disease has killed four people in Wakema Township, the highest death rate among townships in the division.",4
8648,"All interviewed IDPs indicated that accessing NFIs is a challenge, including winter clothing (19, 68%), clothing for children (17, 61%), clothing for adults (17, 61%), kitchen NFIs (22, 79%), fuel (23, 82%), and blankets (13, 46%). ? Hygiene problems among IDPs include a lack of access to hygiene related NFIs (28, 100%), including (24 respondents, 86%) indicating a need for hygiene NFIs for women, 17 respondents (61%) indicating a need for hygiene NFIs for babies, and 11 (39%) indicating a need for hygiene NFIs for the elderly or disabled. Though there is a health facility in safe walking distance for IDPs, 27 respondents (100%) indicated this. 16 respondents (57%) indicated distance presented a challenge, and 8 (29%) indicated the cost of services as a challenge.",7
10209,"A member of a Sudanese coalition of opposition parties was arrested after a meeting in Khartoum on Wednesday evening. The family of a detained activist, currently on a hunger strike, is concerned about his wellbeing. ",4
7190,"Insecurity and conflict continue to undermine food security in a number of ASAL counties. Violent  incidents were reported in West Pokot on the borders with both Trans Nzoia and Elgeyo Marakwet  counties; the former led to loss of life while the latter caused the closure of a market. In Turkana, conflict  erupted in the Lomelo area close to the border with Pokot. Tension is also high in parts of Isiolo (Gafarsa,  Kombola and Belgesh), but so far without incident, while insecurity has increased in the Isiolo/Meru  border area. ",3
10792,"In Bács-Kiskun County, some 50 houses, including a kindergarten as well as farmsteads around the county capital Kecskemét have suffered serious damages affecting 225 people",10
2759,"Celyanpinar Rasal-Ain, Senyurt Derbassiyeh, Nusaybin Qamishly and Cavuskoy Ain Diwar crossing points closed",6
1820,"At least 11 out of the 28 of collective sites have no Women Friendly Spaces (WFS) • Establishing safe entry points for women and girls to access life-saving gender-based violence (GBV) services is increasingly compromised by the rapid expansion of communal and congregational spaces for men • Overcrowding in the camps exacerbates many risks for women and girls, and limits humanitarian efforts to provide comprehensive protection services • Psychosocial services need to be improved and expanded • Basic infrastructure, such as WASH facilities, remain unavailable to many refugees",9
11786,"According to various estimates, the total demand for electricity in Gaza ranges between 400 and 500 megawatts (MW). Before the current crisis, which was created in June 2017, the 208 MW available to residents of Gaza allowed for electricity supplied in eight-hour cycles, translating to about 12 hours of intermittent power supply per day. In other words, even under “ordinary” conditions, for years the amount of electricity available to Gaza residents has only met about half of actual demand. Gaza’s sole power station relies on fuel purchased from either Israel or Egypt. The operation of power supply lines from Egypt has been sporadic due to unstable security conditions in the region.",7
11852,"Palestinians in the Gaza Strip are struggling to source cooking gas because of a severe shortage in the besieged Strip, Safa news agency reported yesterday.According to the Chairman of the Petroleum and Gas Owners Association of the Gaza Strip, Mahmoud Shawa, the crisis is a result of the shortage of cooking gas allowed to enter the Strip by Israel.“The cooking gas stations stopped accepting empty gas containers because their tanks are empty,” Shawa said, noting that the crisis is “very critical”.Israel allows only half the amount cooking gas needed into the Strip, the official explained.",7
6769,"Persistent fighting and shelling in eastern Ukraine continues to damage critical water and electrical facilities despite repeated calls on parties to the conflict to respect civilian infrastructure and de-militarize areas adjacent to the contact line to allow safe repairs. Nearly 1.2 million people risk losing a sustained supply of safe drinking water, according to the UN.",11
4230,Airstrikes and reduction in critical supplies are the greatest threats to the safety and well-being of those remaining in Ar-Raqqa.,1
1682," “Most of the students exchange their old books with one another because of unavailability of new textbooks,” he said.“I have 120 students in my school but the education department has provided books to only 50 of them,”",2
8366,"About 2 million children in Yemen are currently out of school. This represents 27 per cent of the 7.3 million school-aged children and includes 513,000 IDP children. Altogether, 2.3 million people need support to ensure that crisis-affected children can access education. This includes 1.1 million people living in acutely affected areas.",2
10040,"During the reporting month, the average price of a liter of diesel was SYP 329 and a cylinder of butane gas was SYP 4,635. Compared to last month, the average retail prices of diesel significantly decreased by 20 percent and a cylinder of butane gas declined by 29 percent. Between July 2016 and January 2017, the average retail prices of diesel declined by 15 percent, while that of a cylinder of butane gas remained the same. Compared to the same month last year, diesel and butane gas prices went up slightly by five and three percent, respectively. ",7
6195,"The Katanika 2 camp came into being in May after a new wave of violence. Life in the camp is miserable. There are minimal basic services. A small mobile health post has been set up at the camp entrance. It provides medical support for the children. Some water points have been put in within the camp. However, that is far from enough. Mwamba Bulimwengu is a traditional chief. He fled his village of Katibili due to the violence, 15 kilometers south of Kalemie. When he arrived at the camp he was appointed as camp leader by the camp residents. In this role, he welcomes newly displaced people arriving at the camp. He also ensures security in the camp with the help of some young people. “Above all I am trying to convince the political leaders of the province to help us. Because this is not a life. We are living here like animals. Since the establishment of the camp six months ago, 60 people have died already. We must be helped,” he says angrily.",11
2690,The total number of journalists kidnapped in the past two years has reached 150 journalists,9
3252,"In February 2018, in Libya, all civilian casualties were caused by one incident, a twin bombing targets a mosque in Benghazi, which left over 130 dead and wounded.",9
2214,"In addition to the ongoing conflict which has created mass displacement and the need for water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) facilities in camps and camp-like settings, WASH needs in Nigeria’s north-east are compounding the malnutrition situation, and contributing to the spread of epidemics such as cholera, hepatitis E. During the rainy season (June through September), flooding is an aggravating factor. In Borno State, the sector estimates that 28 per cent of IDPs, 34 per cent of people living in host communities and 32 per cent of returnees do not have sufficient access to safe water for drinking, cooking and bathing (per the minimum standard of 15 litres of water per person per day)26. In numbers, this translates into 370,000 IDPs, 400,000 people living in host communities and 170,000 returnees27 in need of WASH services in the most severelyaffected LGAs. The situation is similar in Yobe State, where 20 per cent of IDPs, 28 per cent of returnees and 24 per cent of people living in host communities do not have enough water to meet their needs. Furthermore, 29 per cent of health facilities and 29 per cent of schools do not have access to improved water sources28 This leaves 80,000 people in eight conflictaffected LGAs in need of emergency WASH services. Meanwhile, in Adamawa State, the sector estimates that 48 per cent of the population (IDPs, host communities and returnees), or 480,000 individuals in 11 conflict-affected LGAs, resort to non-improved water sources for their consumption29, and are in need of emergency WASH services.",11
11945,"The sources confirmed that health services are “entirely absent” large parts of East Jebel Marra, while the government of South Darfur continues to deny medics access to the areaThey called on the federal health authorities, the international community, especially the World Health Organisation, to act to allow health actors access to the locality to save the lives of people.",4
9219,"Earlier in the week, Guled’s presidential guards reportedly blocked access to the parliamentary building to stop the vote. In response, a Galmudug parliamentary official requested AMISOM to intervene in the dispute, despite the fact that its primary mission is to fight al-Shabaab rather than to become involved in domestic political disputes. Guled alleged that the no-confidence vote had occurred outside parliamentary protocols, making the outcome illegitimate. During his press conference in Mogadishu, he stated:   “Several MPs who held a secret meeting at a cafe in Adado could not vote me out of the power, as the parliament sessions are not yet opened officially.” ",9
2790,"Unusually cold weather and heavy rain in early May have left over 1,400 displaced families living in makeshift tents in Dahuk and northern Ninewa governorates, and with no food supplies. Floods washed away their personal belongings, and they were forced to move to relatives’ tents in nearby areas. Particularly at risk are some 720 displaced Yazidi families who have been living in makeshift tents on Sinjar Mountain for the past four years. About 220 of these families lost their tents, food supplies and other personal belongings due to the floods. ",3
9067,"Food availability: Although food is available at the national level but those areas in phase 3 are expected to face some food gaps in the lean season.Food access: Cereal prices remained on average 20 percent above last year. Livestock prices continued to increase in most markets up to June and if the rainy season is promising, then the situation may be changed. Food utilization: Poor cultural practices is one of the main factors affecting nutrition security which exist in some areas of phase 3 and even in some areas of phase 2.",3
507,"Poor families are hosting displaced relatives (the war has driven an estimated two million Yemenis from their homes) and some are resorting to what aid agencies call “negative coping mechanisms”, of the kind that can foster cholera, in particular, according to UNICEF spokesman Mohammed al-Asaadi, “using water from untreated water sources”.",11
2588,"The army on 6 June said it will investigate alleged sexual exploitation and abuse of female IDPs by soldiers following a petition by a local rights group. Some women IDPs at Bama camp and hospital have accused soldiers and members of a civilian vigilante group of rape and demanding sex, jewellery and clothing in exchange for food. In a statement, the military said it was not aware of the incidents, but pledged to investigate. ",9
1911,"The Libyan dinar has lost 9.1% since November against the US dollar on the black-market, after already having depreciated by 4.8% in the previous month. This has created further inflationary pressures. Following the recent increases in the black-market exchange rates, food prices across Libya have been moving upwards. Among the assessed locations, food prices rose by 6.0% since November.",3
11776,"Even though Haiti was spared from the major hurricanes that hit the region, hurricanes Irma and Maria, still had an impact on the country, notably the Nord-Est department, which was classified in crisis phase (IPC phase 3) in the IPC report for October 2017 - February 2018. Grand'Anse department was also classified in crisis phase. The IPC report further revealed that about 1.32 million people are severely food insecure in Haiti. Meanwhile, one million of those affected by Hurricane Matthew in 2016 are still in need of humanitarian assistance.",3
5151,"It has increased to 356 at least, including 68 child and 34 citizen women above the age of eighteen, the number of the casualties documented by the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights since the start of the Syrian revolution, all of them were killed in the continued targeting by the Turkish border guards for the Syrian citizens who escaped from the military operation in their areas towards places in which they can find a safe haven that keeps them away of the death that is following them in their country Syria",9
9385,"Needs Immediate access to food for popula?ons affected by drought, conflict, displacement and disease to avert famine and improve the food security situa?on in Somalia. ",3
1829,"During this crisis, a total of 58 health zones in the five Kasai provinces (61%), have been affected through the destruction or looting of health facilities, and disruption of health service delivery following the escape of health personnel. The crisis has also had a negative impact on health data transmission by health personnel, which means that there are no data available to analyse trends in the morbidity profiles of the affected provinces. There were more than 200 reported attacks on health centres in Kasai and it is estimated that at least 25% of the health zones do not function due to lack of qualified medical personnel and disruption of the supply of medicines. The health services are already overwhelmed by the increased demand. At the same time, the Democratic Republic of the Congo is experiencing ongoing outbreaks of cholera, measles and type 2 circulating vaccine-derived poliovirus.",4
11298,"The Government of Bangladesh, with the support of UNICEF, the World Health Organization and GAVI, the Vaccine Alliance, today launched a vaccination campaign against diphtheria and other preventable diseases for all Rohingya children aged 6 weeks to 6 years living in 12 camps and temporary settlements near the Myanmar border. ",4
10833,"Through September 2017, due to improved food availability with the harvest, the majority of poor households are expected to face either None (IPC Phase 1) or Stressed (IPC Phase 2) acute food insecurity, with some smaller numbers of households facing Crisis (IPC Phase 3), particularly in Cibitoke, Bubanza, Muyinga, and Kirundo provinces. With the start of the lean season in September, projected price increases and limited income-earning opportunities are likely to lead to some additional poor households to face Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes until at least the Season A harvest begins in December, but the highest area classification in Burundi through January 2018 is projected to be Stressed (IPC Phase 2).",3
11769,"“Life-saving aid like shelter, food and water are crucial in this crisis – but to help children recover and rebuild after their ordeals psychological support must be considered a priority. The world must do more to repair the damage.”",4
9079,"ALBAY As a result of the extended displacement, agriculture has been particularly affected. The Department of Agriculture’s Region V field office estimates total damages to crops, amounting to about 5,000 hectares of land which about 7,000 evacuated farmers were not able to tend to, at PHP185 million (US$3.5 million). Recouping these losses will take at least a year.",5
4792,"There is an urgent need to provide more structural and sustainable access to safe water and sanitation in urban and rural cholera hotspots, in order to bring down the cases and prevent an upsurge in coming months.",11
9356,"Departures continue to surpass arrivals at camps east of Mosul. Between 19 and 20 April, 161 families (801 individuals) arrived, mainly from west Mosul, while 281 families (1,452 individuals) departed, primarily to east Mosul. Families fleeing from west Mosul cited continuous insecurity, including in liberated areas, which are frequently targeted by mortar rounds. Lack of food, water and basic services were other reasons contributing to their flight.",10
1954,"UnitingWorld is supporting a joint humanitarian response by ACT Alliance members to deliver emergency food and shelter; health, nutrition and WASH programs to the Rohingya community in Cox’s Bazar, Bangladesh.",1
4180," It is estimated that in 2017, more than 1.9 million people will be affected by at least one crisis, including food insecurity and malnutrition, population movement, epidemics and natural disasters.",1
8485,"On 23 Jan a landslide resulted in 23 people affected, water affected, animals affected, irrigating canals affected",11
9068,"Children continue to bear the heaviest toll of the conflict. 16 children were killed and 38 injured during March, bringing the cumulative totals for 2018 up to a 110 and 192 respectively.1 The conflict also continues to heavily impact children's right to an education. Many teachers' salaries remain unpaid (61 per cent) and over three years of conflict is now compromising the education of over 4.5 million children. Whilst no data available concerning the attendance of teachers, it is reported than in some school's teachers work only a few hours a day, and in others, parents are grouping together to collect fees for teachers. The consequences of this has a varying impact across the country.",2
7817,"Displacement can aggravate existing inequalities, as well as introduce new dimensions of marginalization and exclusion. IDPs with weaker social connections in the areas to which they fl ee, oft en have less links with the host community with devastating consequences for their access to assistance and protection. Th e most vulnerable IDPs may not be getting the assistance they need, such as single female-headed households, disabled, or children on their own. Civilians arriving from areas controlled by non-state armed actors risk discrimination simply on the basis of their area of origin and alleged affi liations, with repercussions for their access to assistance and protection services.10 In addition, during 2011 famine, evidence suggests that most of the victims were from traditionally weaker clans and socially discriminated minority ethnic groups, and the likelihood of this occurring arises again.11 Protection risks for these above mentioned marginalized and discriminated groups include limitations on their freedom of movement, obstacles to equitably accessing assistance and protection services, and a heightened risk of protection violations. In addition, they also face signifi cant challenges in having their voices heard or concerns known, and accessing essential information about available assistance programs and protection services",9
7724,"On Tuesday, the federal cabinet decided to extend the validity of the Proof of Registration cards issued to some 1.3 million registered Afghans refugees until the end of 2017.",9
10114,"Lack of safe drinking water was of concern for registered camps prior to the current influx of refugees, and the situation has further deteriorated since then. Inadequate supply and significant leakage in Nayapara camp is especially of concern. In makeshift camps there is no access to safe drinking water and sanitation (WFP UNHCR 2012; IFRC 17/01/2017; Al Jazeera 17/01/2017). Latrines in registered camps are limited, and waste management is poor, especially in Nayapara (WFP UNHCR 2012).",1
951,"The Ministry of Health on 19 April declared an outbreak of Hepatitis E that has killed 25 among 86 infected people. Medical assistance and preventive measures are ongoing to curb the disease which is mostly transmitted through contaminated water.Separately, 2,100 meningitis cases, including 120 deaths, were recorded as of 16 April. The districts of Niamey 2 and Madarounfa (in the southern Maradi region) have reached the epidemic level. A vaccination campaign is ongoing.",4
1431,"Refugees, more often than not, feel ambivalent about visiting a doctor’s office in Turkey. When asked two prominent answers emerge: Language barrier and a lack of professional interest in the patients.",4
4378,"The rainy season, often associated with displacement and extensive flooding, has given rise to outbreaks of water-borne diseases, particularly cholera. To date, two provinces in Angola have reported suspected cases. In 2018, a total of 923 suspected cases of cholera have been reported including 15 deaths (Case Fatality Rate of 1.6 per cent) in both Uige and Cabinda provinces. UNICEF Angola, has identified and ranked 7 out of the 18 provinces as being at high risk of cholera outbreaks. Prepositioning supplies and partnerships for those areas are key priorities in UNICEF preparedness efforts.",4
9092,"Citizens inside Bentiu PoC complain of insecurity Citizens in the UN Protection of Civilians’ Site (PoC) in Bentiu town have expressed their concerns about deteriorating security situations. Speaking to Radio Tamazuj yesterday, several displaced persons said they were experiencing harsh conditions due to increasing theft cases since last month.",9
5215,"ADRA is providing urgent food and shelter for the displaced Rohingya refugees. Many of those who fled Myanmar arrived in Bangladesh with only the clothes they were wearing, and minimal food. Now they are stuck in muddy, crowded refugee camps – desperate for safety and lacking basic necessities. ",3
8289,A failed agricultural season means thousands of the displaced people from Abbasiya town of South Kordofan and the neighbouring villages are facing dire humanitarian conditions coupled with a severe shortage of food.,3
7312,"Analysis of the severity of needs indicates Benghazi, Tripoli, and Al Jifarah and Sirt are the most impacted locations. Sebha, Ghat and Derna also have severe needs though the number of people in need is less than in other locations. In terms of specific population groups and their geographic locations, Benghazi has the highest number of people in need in terms of IDPs, with Tripoli having the second highest. Aljfarah has by far the highest number of returning families in need. This group is the highest concentration of any group in any geographic location (263,000 people). Tripoli is hosting the highest number of refugees and migrants than any other area in Libya. For non-displaced Libyans, those most in need of humanitarian assistance are located in Benghazi, Misrata, Sirt and Tripoli.",1
8773,"The first fire that broke out at Saleia in East Darfur destroyed more than 70 houses, along with food and agricultural crops. Another fire broke out at camp Jabelein in Garsila in Central Darfur. Witnesses told Radio Dabanga that it caused the destruction of eight shelters and food stocks that belonged to internally displaced people.",3
2399,"The electricity and water infrastructure in Avdiivka was extensively damaged on 29 and 30 January. The resulting power outages disabled water pumping from a backup reservoir that serves the town and on which the heating system relies. In temperatures plummeting to minus 17 degrees Celsius (1 degree Fahrenheit), the situation could have catastrophic consequences for the residents of Avdiivka.  ",11
11478,"In Tharparkar District and the surrounding areas of Sindh Province, the drought-affected cereal production and the loss of livestock for the third consecutive year have aggravated the food insecurity and caused acute malnutrition. ",3
136,"North-western Syria (Idleb, Rural Aleppo, Rural Hama) ? In Idleb, military operations resulted in increased casualties and movement of civilians to safer areas. Some people have been forced to move several times to escape fighting. With the high concentration of displaced people, the governorate may not be able to withstand the consequences of renewed fighting. ? There are currently 8 IDP sites and reception centres in north-western Syria that are supported by the UN and its partners, with additional sites being prepared. Hundreds of tents are also being provided to those in need. However, the capacity of partners to respond to the ongoing displacement is being stretched to the limits. There are particular concerns over reports of increased shortages of essential commodities such as food and medicine, and a marked increase in fuel prices. ? Airstrikes on Idleb struck the last functioning hospital in the south-eastern strip of the rebel enclave. The Syria Relief and Development (SRD)’s hospital in Hass, Idleb was completely destroyed by 5 aerial bombs. The hospital has served hundreds-of-thousands of Syrians in the area. Each month, over 6,000 patients received medical care and over 400 surgeries were performed at the hospital. ? Due to recent hostilities, 19 EPI centres (out of more than 70) in Idleb and Aleppo governorate stopped their activities (eight centres have since resumed their operations, four centres were relocated and seven centres in Maarrat-An-Numan, Sanjar, Tamanaah, Dana, Abul Thohur, Saraqeb districts are still non-functional). ? In Afrin, the ongoing military operations, the reported blockage of exits, have virtually trapped many civilians preventing them from accessing safer areas. So far, 380 families have reached surrounding villages and Aleppo city neighbourhoods while thousands of people have been displaced within Afrin. As the fighting escalates, the number of civilians affected by violence is bound to increase. ? WHO partners have suspended activities in Afrin for security reasons",4
8182, Niger continues to face critical humanitarian needs caused by the consequences of Boko Haram-related violence in the Diffa region and the high level of vulnerability of people affected by recurrent food insecurity and malnutrition crises as well as seasonal floods and epidemics. ,10
11974,"The resurgence of violence and internal population movements in the Central African Republic drove up prices in Bangui (+28 per cent cassava; +10 per cent maize), Ouham Pende (+17 per cent cassava; +23 per cent maize) and NanaMambere (+25 per cent cassava; +25 per cent maize) despite favourable production. This caused a high (5-10 per cent) increase in the price of the basic food basket.",3
11246,"At least 11 civilians including two children were killed on Sunday in air strikes on a market in northwestern Syria, a monitor said. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the strikes on the market in Idlib province's Maarat al-Numan were probably carried out by government forces.",3
6272,Highest likely severity projected  for November 2017 is IPC 2. ,3
11637,"Fall Armyworm outbreaks, attacking germinating maize crops (the main crop planted during season A), are reported in lower altitude areas, including Bubanza, Ruyigi, southwestern Makamba and Rumonge provinces and northeastern Muyinga and Kirundo provinces. Infestation control measures have been successfully implemented (mainly mechanic measures), while a draft nationwide action plan for an integrated and coordinated pest management has been presented to partners and will be finalized shortly",0
11037,"Militant groups are using people smugglers to recruit desperate unaccompanied migrant children, who pledge allegiance to jihadists in order to continue their migration journey, a report found on Monday.  At least 88,300 lone migrant children are at risk of being radicalised in Europe, according to Quilliam, a counter-extremism organisation that operates across Europe and North America.  The report said militant groups like Islamic State, or IS, as well as Boko Haram recruited people living in refugee camps by paying money, and by funding the onward journey of child migrants if they joined their group.",9
6991,In 2016 developments of food consumption levels were positive with significant reduction of poor food consumption levels in GCA. In NGCA the situation remains unchanged with a clear seasonal trend of the poor and borderline food consumption score rising from 15% in the summer period to 30% in the winter.   ,3
2488,"Even when items were available in markets, many civilians could not afford them as the economy of Eastern Ghouta has essentially collapsed and more than 80% of the population is unemployed. Most people in the besieged area rely on charity organizations to meet their basic needs, but anecdotal evidence indicates that even private charity assistance may be in decline.",3
9352,"Food production is below  national requirements, with only 2 percent of arable land  currently under cultivation. RoC produces 30 percent of  the country’s food needs and thus imports almost all of  its food, leading to high food prices. Income is very  unevenly distributed, reflected by a Gini coefficient of  0.43. Forty-eight percent of Congolese live on USD 1.25  per day.  ",0
5940,"The Commission also met with men and boys who were victims or witnesses of sexual violence perpetrated during detention, or as punishment during military attacks on civilians. A survivor described how he was gang raped, forced to strip and watch women being raped at a checkpoint on the Yei-Juba road in April 2016.",9
3949,"In the center of the country, violent terrorist and extremist groups have been conducting targeted attacks and actions against State officials and local communities for more than a year. This strategy of insecurity is increasing the disengagement of the State in certain areas, which is no longer able to guarantee basic public services (schools, health center, etc.). This, in turn, favorizes the establishment of terrorist groups,12 but also the exacerbation of violent inter-communal clashes and a sharp increase in acts of armed banditry. ",2
751,"Over the past week, torrential rains were reported in many major cities on Java Island causing temporary flooding. While BNPB reported no casualties, at least 14,700 people were displaced between 15 and 16 February in Jakarta, Bekasi and Brebes.",10
6078,The three people died at different clinics in Lusaka since the outbreak of cholera this year.  There are close to 300 cases of cholera recorded in the city Kanyama leading at 140 while Chipata compound has registered 64 cases. ,4
2830,"In the past two months, 96 cholera cases have been confirmed in the city out the county official said.",4
5624,"The HHs in the surveyed villages in desert areas were observed to be vulnerable in terms of food availability and accessibility, as no cereal stocks were reported at the HH level and markets are far involving huge transportation cost. ",3
1556,"As people continue to flee their homes, the number of sites may continue to grow. Living conditions in the IDP settlements and urban centres continue to deteriorate, with displaced people unable to meet their basic needs due to inconsistent service provision or exclusion from accessing these services. The lack of access to basic services contributes to public health risks, preventable deaths and increased gender-based violence, especially for women and girls. The IDPs have limited livelihood and coping options, exacerbated by ongoing drought-induced displacements. As a result, FSNAU reported that food security and nutrition outcomes across most of the 13 main settlements surveyed between June and July had deteriorated.",9
20,"On 7 February, 58 school children and two teachers were injured due to tear gas inhalation in the Israeli-controlled area of Hebron city (H2), and classes at five schools were disrupted. According to Israeli sources, Israeli forces fired tear gas canisters in response to stone-throwing by children at Israeli settler vehicles. Classes in the five schools were suspended for the rest of the day, affecting over 1,200 students.",2
4066,"Some migrants try to cross the border by walking through the railway tunnel from Ventimiglia to Menton — as dangerous a route as the highway. Since September 2016, 10 people have died in the attempt to reach France from Ventimiglia.",1
2207,"As of 27 April, water supply in Minawao reached 18 litres per person per day. An alert had been issued in late March as the supply dropped eight litres per person per day following a reduction in water trucking and damage to the water supply system.",11
2133,"No new cases of type 2 circulating vaccine-derived poliovirus (cVDPV2) were reported this week in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). The total number of oficially reported cVDPV2 cases in the DRC in 2017 remains 12.The most recent cVDPV2 case (by date of onset) was reported in Ankoro district, Tanganika province, with onset on 17 November 2017.",4
9677," As of 8 March at 7.00 UTC, local media reported at least 3 deaths in Maroantsetra municipality and Mananara Nord (Analanjirofo), at least 6 injuries, and 500 people displaced in Analanjirofo. Local media also reported damaged houses and traffic disruptions.",10
5065,"In 2015, more than 25 000 new cases of cutaneous leishmaniasis were reported in Afghanistan, although the actual number is likely to be much higher. Kabul suffers from the highest cutaneous leishmaniasis burden in the world, with around 10 000 new cases reported every year. ",4
23,"These results areas respond to national challenges related to (i) improving and sustaining social progress and environmental sustainability; (ii) capacity development; (iii) accelerated inclusive growth, food security and livelihoods; (iv) gender and youth empowerment; and (v) human welfare and social and child protection. ",2
119,"The World Health Organisation says one quarter of the camps’ health facilities are at risk, which will make it even more difficult for a “grossly underfunded health sector” to reach refugees during the height of the monsoon rains.",4
1691,Colombia obstructs journalists from covering FARC disarmament: Reporters Without BordersReporters Without Borders (RSF) and Colombian press freedom foundation FLIP have complained journalists are being obstructed by authorities when trying to report on the demobilization of FARC guerrillas.,9
2165,"WBEG: Food security is expected to deteriorate from February to May. During this time, most poor households do not have food stocks and the availability of fish and wild foods will seasonally decline. Most households will remain market dependent, but high tensions are likely to discourage many from moving to collect natural products for sale. Food prices are expected to remain high and, as a result, household purchasing power will remain at all-time lows. Market-dependent households in Wau town will be unable to purchase sufficient food to meet their basic needs and in the absence of humanitarian assistance, is area would be in Emergency(IPC Phase 4). Households face an increased risk for high levels of acute malnutrition and excess mortality. Among displaced populations on the outskirts of Wau who are market dependent, face strict restrictions to movement, and do not have access to humanitarian assistance, some may exhaust the capacity to cope and be in Catastrophe (IPC Phase 5). In Raja, most households are unlikely to have access to markets or humanitarian assistance, but greater access to hunting, wild foods, and cassava will support slightly better food security outcomes. Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes are expected.The above food security outcomes will persist in June and July, during the peak of the lean season. Food security will then improve slightly. Agricultural labor opportunities will provide income for cereal purchases, although continued high prices will keep purchasing capacity low. Fishing will also increase following the rainy season and most poor households are expected to engage heavily in fishing as a food and income source, as security permits. The harvest will further increase food consumption, but given that it will be below average, households are likely to still face food consumption gaps during this period.",3
5655,"In August, data were also collected from the district of Sinjar in Ninewa governorate. mVAM found that 20 percent of households in Sinjar had poor or borderline food consumption (Figure 2).",3
10787,"More than 1.1 million people have been affected, including 155,000 displaced. Of the affected population, some 309,000 are boys, girls and adolescences.  • With 29 per cent of the affected population, he Department of Piura is bearing the brunt of the floods and mudslides.  • Some of the most pressing needs are related to WASH, Health, Food Security and Shelter sectors.  • Although the majority of displaced people are with host families, some 22,500 people have moved to 135 official temporary shelters in nine departments.",10
2430,"On Friday 6 January 2017, an earthquake measuring 5.1 on the Richter scale hit Iran’s southern city of Khonj in Fars province, killing four people and injuring four others. Those killed were Afghan nationals, living together in a house in Khonj. More than 2.5 million Afghan nationals have been living in Iran for as much as four decades, mostly in eastern and southern areas. ",10
2440,Violent protests took place at some places in Kashmir on Friday against the deaths of three youths in firing by security forces near an encounter site even as several separatist leaders were placed under house arrest.,9
4093,"As of 3 November 2017, a total of 9 029 (suspected, probable or confirmed) cases and 18 deaths (CFR= 0.2%) were reported throughout the country. Of the total cases reported, 5773 (64%) were probable, with a positive result for dengue by the rapid diagnostic test (RDT). During week 43 of 2017, 2 566 cases (including 1427 probable) were reported across all regions.",4
4355,"With thousands of acres of rice paddies having been abandoned by farmers who fled their homes in the period after 25 August, the looming rice harvest is an issue of particular concern. The Government has reportedly started to harvest 45,000 acres of abandoned rice paddies in northern Rakhine .The Union Enterprise for Humanitarian Assistance, Resettlement and Development in Rakhine released a statement on 12 November saying that the harvest proceeds would be returned to their owners either as cash or in kind.",3
4382,"Ituri:While government officials have insisted that the recent violence is the consequence of inter-ethnic tensions, baffled residents say that isn’t so. Many referred to an “invisible hand” – seemingly professional killers came into their villages and hacked people to death in what appeared to be well-planned assaults. Some alleged that government officials may be involved.",9
6965,"There's no water to wash or to clean with. Everything has been cut off: water, electricity, food,' she said. 'We want humanitarian groups to help us out before we die of hunger and disease.'",3
7393,"WHAT DO PEOPLE NEED MOST?Shelter materials, such as high-quality tarpaulins; cold weather items, including blankets, floor mats, clothes for new born baby; fuel for stoves; water storage containers; and solar/flash lights.",7
8544,"The humanitarian and security situation remains very fragile in several provinces of the country, particularly in Ituri, North Kivu, South Kivu and Tanganyika. Insecurity is growing on the plain of Ruzizi, Kamanyora axis in Uvira. More than 1 300 people would be affected by heavy rain and violent winds that affected the localities of Makama, Yandale, Milanga, Nemba and Kaska from 21 to 23 April 2018 in the territory of FIZI, a southern province of Kivu",10
5245,"As the rate of trauma injuries remains of concern, in support of the government's Ministry of Health, humanitarian partners have scaled up their emergency response capacity, in and around the broader Mosul city area, in terms of trauma stabilisation, surgical care, primary health care (PHC) and medical referral capacity. ",4
10770,"The widespread civil insecurity has affected both urban and rural livelihoods resulting in protracted and continuous worsening of the food security situation. Restrictions and disruptions of commercial and humanitarian imports, mass displacements, loss of income, fuel scarcity and high prices, disrupted market systems, high food prices and the collapse of public services are aggravating the already fragile socio-economic context. Port infrastructure, essential for ensuring food imports and humanitarian assistance, are seriously threatened by the worsening conflict. Cultivated area and production in 2016 decreased by 38% compared to the pre-crisis period, affecting food availability and household stocks. Similarly, the majority of fishermen lost their fishing assets such as boats, nets an d fishing gear and essential fishing infrastructure has been damaged.",3
7981,"Almost 11 million tons of debris still need to be cleared from Mosul city, according to preliminary estimates from UN Habitat.",10
4492,"Afar: 23 of 32 woredas are hotspot 1. 1.8m population, 106k MAM, 13k SAM expected in 2017",8
11672,"KEY FIGURES   • A total of 296 new cases of suspected AWD/cholera with 4 deaths were reported in week 18 compared to 112 cases and2 deaths in week 17   •   In Lower Shabelle, new AWD/Cholera cases were reported Afgoye, Lower Jubba while in Banadir new cases were reported in 15 districts in week 18   • A cumulative total of 2,968 cases including 17 deaths have been reported since December 2017   • The new AWD/cholera cases reported in Beletweyne started in December 2017. All the new outbreaks in Banadir, Kismayo, Jowhar ,BuloBarde and Afgoye started in 2018   • The current cholera outbreak is associated with the current floods that have affected 718,000 people and displacing 220,000 in 4 states   • 296 new cases and 4 death   • 43% of the new cases were female   • 42% of the cases were below2 years   • 100% of the cases had not received Oral  ",4
7138,"Police burn down South Sudanese refugee camps in Khartoum Sudan’s police authorities on Tuesday burnt down houses of South Sudanese refugees in Wed Al-Bashir area in the capital’s twin city of Omdurman, as part of government policy to crackdown on illegal structures around the city. A traditional leader, who preferred anonymity for security reasons, told Radio Tamazuj on Wednesday that they were surprised to see a heavy deployment of police forces surrounding Juba Refugee Camp which hosts more than 150 South Sudanese families.  He further said the police burnt down some houses with all property inside to ashes rendering the affected families homeless. The chief pointed out that the families are facing a difficult humanitarian situation in the camps due to the ongoing rains. Similar operations have also been carried out by police officers at Al-Jiref East in Eastern Nile Locality. ",10
9656,Recent reports of suspected cases of AWD in the host community and in the refugees’ areas of origin increase the risk of communicable disease outbreaks in the refugee camps.,4
8483,"The Borno SMoH declared a cholera outbreak in Kukawa LGA on March 8. Between February 13—when the SMoH recorded the first laboratory-confirmed cholera case in Kukawa—and March 21, health actors reported nearly 630 suspected cholera cases and three related deaths in Kukawa’s Baga, Doro, and Kukawa wards, according to the SMoH. Health actors recorded the majority of cases during March in Doro, while the SMoH has not reported a case in Kukawa ward since March 8. To date, the SMoH has confirmed 23 cases of cholera in the LGA.",9
11307,"An inter-agency assessment visited Aburoc on 29 April, noting a huge need for water",11
11551,"in the uni-modal north where harvesting of the sorghum and millet crops is underway, despite favourable weather conditions (see map), the production prospects are uncertain due to civil insecurity. Agricultural operations continue to be severely affected by the civil unrest, which spread from neighbouring Nigeria in late 2014. The widespread insecurity continues to result in displacement of people, causing input shortages and depleting the already inadequate households’ productive assets. As a result, a reduced agricultural output for the third consecutive year is likely",0
9840,"Approximately 600,000 people are still deprived of regular access to water supply, as the Bab Al-Nairab pumping station is currently not functional and Suleiman AlHalabi is only partially functional. Additionally, due to the cold winter temperatures, people require the provision of more warm clothing for both adults and children, in addition to heaters and fuel for heating purposes. ",5
11906,"‘Hepatitis B spreading rapidly in Khartoum state’ Hepatitis B is spreading rapidly in Sudan’s Khartoum state, according to a statement by state’s Ministry of Health. Sufferers, including both Sudanese and foreigners, are unable to work. The Director of the medical board of the Ministry, Dr Haydar Mohammed, has reported 659 cases of Hepatitis B in the past three years, including 239 cases in 2016.He called on the families of sufferers to take care of foreign workers at home. They should also undergo a routine check-up for the disease. Minister of Health Mamoun Hemeida said that 40 per cent of all those who visit the health centres are complaining of psychological symptoms.",4
1418,"Cholera cases and deaths has declined significantly in the month of August 2017. A total of 917 suspected cholera cases and no deaths were reported in the month of August 2017 across the country, compared to 6,383 suspected cholera cases including 20 deaths (CFR 0.31) that were reported in July 2017.",4
6328,"With the onset of La Niña-like conditions, the short rains (October–December) have been below average and erratic, failing completely in some areas, especially in southern and southeastern pastoral areas of Ethiopia and eastern Kenya. •? In Ethiopia, prolonged drought conditions are severely affecting the livelihoods in most southern and southeastern pastoral and agro-pastoral areas of Southern Nations, Nationalities and Peoples Region, southern Oromia and southeastern Somali Regions, where cumulative seasonal rainfall was up to 60 percent below average. In these areas, pasture and water availability have declined to extremely low levels, severely affecting crop production and livestock conditions, leading to large scale animal deaths. ",0
8556,"Levels of acute malnutrition are Critical (15-30% GAM) among rural pastoral populations of Sool, Sanaag, Bari, Nugaal and agropastoral populations of Bay Regions and among Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in Baidoa and Mogadishu. Mortality has also increased in all of these locations.",3
3959,Prices of food items are considerably above the levels at the same time of the previous year and the five year averages.,3
1999,"About 159,000 people will be in need of food assistance during the lean season, due to a combination of reduced income opportunities and poor agricultural performance leading to high reliance on purchases and relatively high food prices. The overall proportion of rural households that had poor and borderline food consumption levels as of mid-2017 was 15 percent.",3
3034,"The IDPs are spread across six displacement sites, but they are living in deplorable conditions. On the main site, PK3, located around the MINUSCA base, more than 23,000 people share 17 hectares. They lack proper protection, sanitation and access to health services. Humanitarian partners are slowly receiving the materials needed to build shelters, latrines and showers.",10
10960,"The total number of affected families in Ishim district is to date 1,045. More than 130 houses are waterlogged and damaged and 41 houses fully destroyed. A total of 6,608 garden plots are also under water and damaged. Some of them are seasonal country houses, while some are people’s permanent residence. In addition to household items (furniture, appliances, clothing, footwear, utensils, documents, cash savings, etc.), many of the food stocks and crops have also been destroyed as people were storing them in their houses. These were the main and/or only source of food and livelihood for many of these people. Much of the local infrastructure, including 25kms of road, as well as electricity lines, gas pipe lines and the water supply system have also been damaged and the airfield of the DOSAAF Aviation Sports Club with ten aircrafts has been flooded. ",0
2156,"). In January, most households had sufficient food stocks to remain at Minimal (IPC 1)* levels of food insecurity. However, below-average market supply has caused an increase in staple food prices, particularly in northern regions. As a result, FEWS NET expects that some households will likely deteriorate to Stressed (IPC 2) levels of food insecurity between April and May as they use up their own production and turn to markets for staple foods.",3
10571,"LACK OF LIGHTING All male and female FGD participants do not feel safe at night time. Lack of lighting in shelters and camps and the related risks are one of their major safety concerns. This ranked as the number one major concern in 16 out of 23 FGDs. Observations identified only a minority of shelters equipped with solar or battery household-level lighting systems. Risks, vulnerability and occurrence HUMAN TRAFFICKING:the combination of makeshift shelters with most often without a door, overcrowding and the lack of lighting both in public spaces and private shelters creates a severe risk of kidnapping. Both FGD participants and key informants (including Bangladeshi military members, local leaders and religious leaders) report that the disappearance of young children and girls and that female single-headed households and households with many children, particularly girls and young children, are the most at risk. SEXUAL HARASSMENT, ASSAULT AND SEXUAL VIOLENCE: due to overcrowding, lack of doors on shelters and total darkness, women and girls do not feel safe in shelters. Both male and female FGD participants raised concerns regarding SGBV at night. Female single-headed households and child-headed households (of which there are plenty following family separations and death during the flight from Myanmar) were identified as particularly vulnerable to SGBV. The risk and fear of SGBV for women when accessing latrines by night was also highly reported in female FGDs.",9
2080,"Conversely, in central and southwestern Ethiopia, northeastern Uganda, and southwestern Kenya, rainfall was 25 to 100 mm below norma",3
10715,"FEWS NET has learned that approximately 90 percent of the population facing survival food deficits this consumption year are receiving in-kind and cash assistance, allowing households to cover their food gaps and non-food needs. As a result, Lesotho is projected to be Stressed (IPC Phase 2!) from February through April 2017, in the presence of humanitarian assistance.",3
9918,"“According to the decision of the security council in Badakhshan, the schools in Warduj will not open until the district is fully cleared of insurgents. This is because spring is near and there is the possibility of renewed war,” said Abdul Razeq Tariq Badakhshan education department deputy.",9
5456," Israeli Jewish settlers closed on Thursday rural roads leading to agricultural land in the town of al-Khader to the south of Bethlehem to prevent Palestinian farmers from reaching their land, according to a local source. ",5
5032,"Darjeeling tea is facing a big disaster after poor rains led to pest attacks with red-spider mite, tea mosquito bug and blister blight causing major damage to the crop, local tea experts say ",0
5360,"There is an urgent need to scale up the activities of the WASH cluster to respond to the multiple humanitarian crisis in DRC. Increasing operational capacity and presence of emergency WASH actors is urgently required to respond to the humanitarian crisis, above all in the Great Kasai where only 6 WASH actors are providing assistance to 280,000 people and in Kalemie where more than 80% of the IDP’s do not have access to safe drinking water.",11
1401,"Partners Relief & Development (PRAD) are responding to the needs of Rohingya refugees by partnering with local groups to provide food, shelter and other essential supplies. Over the past two years PRAD have been training a group of Community Health Workers in the camps in Bangladesh and now with increased support from PRAD these Rohingya are able to help new arrivals with basic health care and medicine.",10
10748,"As of 8 August 2017, a total of 1,604 suspected dengue fever cases were reported in 2017. The total number of reported dengue cases including dengue haemorrhagic fever and dengue shock syndrome was lower than the 3 year-threshold of the same period from 2014-2016 (Figure 1).",4
2215,"Dominica: IOM surge capacity deployed to Dominica on 21 September with the support of UNHAS reports substantial and widespread damage to houses on the island, as confirmed by the first CDEMA situation report. CDEMA reports that at least 80 per cent of the population (56,000) requires urgent support with shelter and water. An estimated 98 per cent of roofs are damaged or destroyed and an estimated 50 per cent of building frames are damaged. Damage on the east coast and in rural areas is significantly worse. Damage in Roseau (on the west coast) is reportedly more moderate although CDEMA reports flooding. The most urgent shelter needs are corrugated galvanized iron (CGI) sheeting and tarpaulins. Access is a major issue with many roads blocked, landslides, washed-out river valleys and destroyed bridges",10
9687,"IDPs in Jeda’a camps in Ninewa have expressed concerns about living conditions in the camp, particularly related to a lack of adequate services and the presence of armed actors. On 28 February, local police in Jeda’a 5 reportedly confiscated civil identification documents from IDPs from Shirqat (Salah al-Din) and Hawiga (Kirkuk) to control their movement. IDPs have reported that they continue to receive threats, including threats of arbitrary arrest. Random arrests in the past have left female headed households and widowed women reportedly feeling uncomfortable, especially at night. The presence of armed actors in Jeda’a camp has been a long standing protection issue that continues to require advocacy. Many families in the camp find themselves in a vulnerable situation as they are alleged to have links to extremists and in the current climate are essentially limited to life in the camp. UNHCR is coordinating closely with the Protection Cluster and camp management to try to address these concerns.",9
7460,"Access to populations of concern has improved over the past year, except in Khartoum where restrictions to visit open areas increased. Bureaucratic impediments to obtain travel permits to field locations are improving and reception facilities in some border areas are being establishedThe rainy season, normally between June and September, compounds access and distribution issues, where heavy rains render most roads impassable. In South and West Kordofan, refugee sites are largely inaccessible during the rainy season. While significant investments have been made in river crossing facilities to reach all sites in White Nile state, sites still remain inaccessible where roads are washed away during the rainy season significantly limiting the capacity of RRP partners to reach vulnerable populations in a timely manner. Partners are working to finalize essential distributions and prepositioning before the rains. ",6
830,"Epidemiological summary ? The total number of suspected cases of cholera reported as of 24 October is 5153, with 61 deaths (CFR = 1.2%). Half of the cases are reported from the Muna corridor, while one third was reported from Monguno LGA. Please note that the number of suspected cholera cases have been updated in MMC and Mafa, but it reflects old transmission. ? Out of the 265 samples tested using RDTs, 216 (82%) were positive while 117 (67%) of 174 samples were culture positive",4
8479,"Between January and March 2017, almost threefold price increases were recorded in Duma (Rural Damascus) and Al Mayadin (Deir-ez-Zor) markets for diesel and bread respectively. In Rural Damascus and Duma districts, prices of most of the above-mentioned monitored commodities have also soared in the first quarter of the year. The same districts had the highest prices in March 2017 for bread (0.69 and 0.73 USDrespectively) and diesel (2.10 USD and 2.70 USD respectively), while wheat flour prices were among the highest recorded in markets monitored (0.60 and 0.69 USD respectively), next to Deir-ez-Zor city (0.80 USD).",3
7968,"Airstrikes have continued in the last days and civilian casualties were reported in Hodeidah city. On 13 February, the city's telecommunications building was destroyed, reducing the possibilities of contacts with the population. While airstrikes intensify on Hodeidah, the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights expressed concerns over the direct targeting of civilians.",6
1093,"Tropical Cyclone ENAWO continued moving west south-west over the southwestern Indian Ocean and towards north-eastern areas in Madagascar, strengthening. On 07 March morning it made landfall over Antalaha district, near Antalha city, with an approximate maximum sustained wind speed between 220 and 230 km/h.Over the next 24 hours it is forecast to continue moving south-west over northern and central Madagascar, weakening into a Tropical Storm.  Heavy rain, storm surge and strong winds may affect the north-eastern and central-eastern areas of the country. JRC estimations indicate a maximal storm surge height of 1 m along the coast of Helodrano Antongila Bay, and 1.8 m near Antalaha on 07 March at 7.00 UTC. As of the same time, Meteo Madagascar has issued a Red Alert in several areas of Diana, Sava, Sofia, Analanjirofo, Alaotra-Mangoro, and Atsinanana regions.",10
4775,"At least seven houses collapsed in An Phú Commune, Tuy Hòa City, Phú Yên Province. Several sections of the 500m-long An Phú embankment, made of reinforced concrete, were damaged.  In Bình ??nh Province, where ten fishing boats with more than a 100 people on board had sunk near the Quy Nh?n Port, 88 people were rescued, 10 died and three others were listed missing as of yesterday evening.",10
4419,"With no chairs or desks, around 250 children huddled in classrooms on mats to stay off the cold concrete at the Aisha Mother of the Believers school in al-Rai, in the northern Aleppo hinterland near the Turkish border.  ",2
224,"Current and ongoing challengeack of qualified female staff for protection activities to promote a gender-balanced environment, a",9
2532,Above-average rainfall across northwestern Namibia and western Zambia since early March has increased the risk for flooding along the Cuvelai Iishanas river basin and the Zambezi floodplains over northern Namibia.,10
3476,The urgency is even stronger as not all children have returned in the schools that have opened. A risk of clashes between students and people displaced in schools remains high appealing to an urgent relocation of families in order to carry out the sanitation and rehabilitation of schools.,1
2900,"According to the 2018 Humanitarian Needs Overview, 1.1 million people, of whom 378,000 are children and 307,000 are women of reproductive age (15-49), require life-saving humanitarian assistance and protection.",9
10716,"10 police in hospital with ‘cholera’ signsTen police officers deployed at Multimedia University were yesterday admitted in Nairobi West, Sinai and Kenyatta National hospitals with cholera-like symptoms.",4
6706,"In cropping areas, the meher harvest (summer rains harvest) are expected to be generally good. However, pocket areas that have experienced poor rains and crop loss due to pest, including Eastern Amhara, Central, Southern and South Eastern zones of Tigray and the Hararges of Oromia regions, will require relief food or cash assitance, in additon to nutritional, WaSH and health integrated support as necessary. Even with good rains in both highlands and lowlands, in chronically drought-affected areas, the popuation will require sustained support until full recovery is attained",11
10862,"Altogether, this means that more than 6,500 people have been unable to access medical care due to the closure of civilian air space. ",4
11911,A Somali official says a clan revenge killings are on the rise in the central town of Abudwak and its surrounding rural villages over the past few weeks.  He said several residents were killed over the past days for clan revenge attacks by two rival clan militiamen. Local elders are reported to have started meditations to end the tension. ,9
8661,"In January December WFP assisted 201,274 people through nutrition activities and the school meals programme. ",3
3309,"Operation theaters in MoH hospitals were overwhelmed by the number of injuries, with urgent needs reported for anesthesia and other essentials. The Gaza MoH also reported that medical supplies needed for emergency and trauma management continue to deplete, and replacements from the MoH in Ramallah are yet to arrive. There is a particularly severe shortage in external fixation sets. In a visit to Shifa Hospital, the largest in Gaza, where a state of emergency had been declared, OCHA witnessed 115 injured in the operation rooms, departments of intensive care, orthopedics and trauma departments.",4
9012,"Over 65% of refugees between the ages of 3 to 24 are not currently accessing any education. Gender parity is almost reached at primary school level, but in secondary level 2/3 of all enrolled students are male.",9
9853,"Those inhabitting Kabul’s Informal Settlements (KIS) live in unhealthy and severely crowded conditions, often in insecure muddy shelters, under tents or in old destroyed buildings unsuitable for habitation. As the land on which KIS form is considered to be occupied illegally or ‘unplanned for construction’ by the provincial authorities those living in KIS lack even basic public services or infrastructure, such as safe drinking water, health services or proper solid waste management. Household incomes are low as the vast majority of households rely on irregular daily labor or informal work. As a result many women and children are forced to begging and other negative coping strategies. Resulting from high levels of food insecurity (estimated at 80%) and very poor hygiene conditions.",10
3472,"Since the beginning of 2017, there is a lack of nutritional products in several nutritional centers in Malemba-Nkulu, according to a recent mission. An average of some 520 children under 5 years old suffering from severe acute malnutrition are admitted in the ambulatory therapeutic nutrition unit of Malemba since January.",8
1933,The participants however indicated that that the school blocks are limited and hence cannot accommodate all refugee school going children. Furthermore the teacher to student ratio is very high 1-600 and this has also contributed to the increased levels of school drop outs especially that the school does not allow those that fail standard 8 to repeat once one fails s/he is automatically withdrawn from school. Those that enroll outside the camp walk long distances (participants not sure of the actual distance in km). ,2
975,2.9 million people in need  of comprehensive life-saving health services ? Building the capacity of NGOs and Government health workers on early warning and timely response to disease outbreaks,4
5851,"In 2016, DPRK had a Global Hunger Index score of 28.6, classified as “serious”.  ",8
9780,"The government of North Darfur has agreed to plans worth $22.3 million to improve the water supply, sanitation and hygiene in the state capital together with United Nations aid organisations and the United Kingdom (UKaid).The vision for El Fasher is that every household has access to a reliable supply of clean water, every household has a latrine, all citizens practice better hygiene, and all citizens live in a cleaner environment .”With these plans an estimated 230,000 people is expected to gain access to water from the government-managed urban water supply network, for the first time.  ",11
11157,"A total of 109 suspected cases of immediately reportable diseases and events including 9 deaths were reported from 14 counties ? Health facility reporting completeness and timeliness are 95% respectively ? Twelve confirmed cases of measles were reported from Montserrado, Margibi and Grand Bassa Counties ? One suspected case of monkey pox was reported from Maryland County",4
8049,"More than four million people, one third of the population, have fled their homes since South Sudan’s brutal war began in December 2013, creating the largest refugee crisis in Africa since the 1994 Rwandan genocide, and parts of the country have plunged towards famine.",3
1775,"MADA reported, according to Ma’an, that there was a decrease in violations against media freedoms was recorded in January compared to December 2017, during which 89 violations by Israeli forces were reported against journalists (84 of which were assaults) during their coverage of protests against US President Donald Trump’s recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.",9
869,"Maize Meal: Nominal Retail Prices in Port-au-Prince, Croix-de-Bossales high",3
10384,"Human Rights Watch released new satellite imagery and sensory data showing that 62 villages in northern Rakhine State were targeted by arson attacks between August 25 and September 14, 2017. Human Rights Watch identified 35 of these villages with extensive building destruction from very high resolution satellite imagery, and an additional 26 villages that had active fires detected in near-real time with environmental satellite sensors.",10
9505,"For the current year, a severe deficit in surface water can be seen in Senegal and Mauritania. This post-rainy period is normally replete with lakes and ponds. However there is a near total absence of detected water points in this area. This matches the rainfall map on page 3, which showed unfavorable rainfall for this area, preventing lakes from filling. Other significant deficits can be seen in Chad and Nigeria. This is a particularly alarming data-point. The lack of surface water in pastoral areas will most likely engender an early transhumance. Herd migrations are likely to start earlier than normal and in many cases, may make non-typical paths. This could lead to increased agropastoral tensions if herds move into agricultural areas.",0
9249,"Green foods currently available include green maize, pumpkins, fresh groundnuts and seasonal vegetables. Households are supplementing these foods with market purchases. Green foods are also being sold along with fish, small livestock, mushrooms, and wild fruits to generate income. Crops are in good condition and mostly at the grain filling or fruit formation stage. As green maize is harvested, there have been isolated reports of fall armyworm presence on cobs. Harvest prospects remain good with expectations for no less than an average maize production season.",0
1349,"The humanitarian vulnerability of Gaza’s population has been exacerbated due to a dramatic deterioration in the energy situation, resulting in electricity blackouts of 20 hours per day. The energy crisis has eroded people’s purchasing power and increased the prices of basic essentials, including food. The poorest families, including those assisted by WFP, are the most affected. The coping mechanisms of WFP assisted people have deteriorated. More people resorted to purchasing food on credit, reduced the quality and quantity of their meals and/or relied on support from friends and relatives.",7
7334,"A total of 1,076,472 suspected cases and 2,265 associated deaths (CFR .21%) have been reported. ? The weekly proportion of severe cases has significantly decreased representing now 11 % of the admitted cases since week 27. ? The outbreak has affected 22 out of 23 governorates (96%) and 305 out of 333 districts (92%). At national level, the trend W6 –W9 decreased or was stable, however four governorates, Al Jawf (31%), Raymeh (28%), Taiz (17%) and Al Mahweet (11%), report increasing trends week (9).",4
4495,9 Dec end of cholera outbreak declared. Started on 3rd August 2016. 364 cases and 2 deaths.,4
10860,"Around 15 January IDPs from Uror started to arrive in Akobo town. New arrivals were also noted in the Bor PoC site, Lankien (Nyirol County) and refugee camps in Ethiopia, while others reportedly fled to remote locations in both Uror and Duk. • The IDPs arriving in Akobo town were predominantly women and children. Temporary IDP shelters were at full capacity a few days after the first IDPs arrived in mid-January, resulting in the majority of new arrivals seeking shelter among the local community. • According to FGD participants, IDPs intend to stay in Akobo town. However, if there is a lack of service provision, or an outbreak of violence, they may seek to cross the border to Ethiopia.",10
3300,Kenya: 3.4 million people in need of food assistance (July 2017),3
715,"The 2017 WFP and FAO Crop and Food Security Assessment Mission (CFSAM) report on Syria was released. The study found that the food security situation in parts of Syria is slightly better compared to last year. The report estimates that 6.9 million people are food insecure, and an additional 3.1 million people are likely to become food insecure without the regular food assistance they receive every month",3
2428,"Preparations for the yearly Back to School campaign, to be launched in early September, 2017 are ongoing. It will be particularly significant this year in the Kasais, where UNICEF estimates that 150,000 children have lost access to school as a result of violence, damage to infrastructure and displacement. The Education working Group in Kasai (August, 2017) estimated that 404 schools have been destroyed or damaged since the onset of the crisis in the Kasai region",2
8170,Turkish authorities said they had arrested more than a thousand 'secret Imams' who had infiltrated police forces on behalf of a U.S.-based cleric accused by President Tayyip Erdogan of trying to topple him last July.,9
4205,"A total of 844 cases of meningitis C, including 52 deaths have been reported in the regions of Niamey, Dosso, Tahoua and Tillabery (Southwest of Niger). These regions are bordering Nigeria, Mali and Burkina Faso. An epidemic was declared in Nigeria last week.",4
6567,"“Refugees from the Central African Republic (CAR) in the north of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) can be invisible at times. Since mid-2017, tens of thousands have fled a brutal conflict and settled over the last months on the other side of the Ubangi river, in the Congolese districts of Gbadolite and Mobayi-Mbongo. The current number of refugees stands at approximately 42,000, fewer than the approximately 67,000 at the peak of the displacement some months ago.It is difficult to trace them. Many are still looking after their fields and remaining properties just a few kilometres away and they go back sporadically to look for food and subsistence. They are constantly on the move, living in uncertainty as part time-refugees and part-time returnees, without really benefitting from either status and being subjected to violence and harassment by different parties on both sides of the river.",9
9908,"Bulletin: Cholera and AWD OutbreaksUganda: A decline in the epidemic trend has been noted. During week 13 (week ending 1 April 2018), 117 new cases including 1 death (CFR, 0.9%) were reported compared to 155 cases including 3 deaths (CFR,1.9%) reported in week 12. The majority of the affected people are refugees from the Democratic Republic of the Congo.",4
2429,"The programme, with financial support worth US$4 million from UNICEF and the Government of Japan, has fulfilled its target of improving nutrition conditions for 7,640 children with severe and acute malnutrition (SAM) in 6 provinces of Ninh Thu?n, Kon Tum, Gia Lai, Trà Vinh, H?u Giang and Cà Mau.The children were among 27,500 young kids suffering from malnutrition. In addition, 39,000 pregnant and lactating women lack nutrition in the 18 provinces affected by drought, the report said. ",8
4285,"Reports have also emerged of landmines being laid in many areas, including along parts of the western coast that prevent fishermen from providing for their families in an area of growing hunger and malnutrition.",3
11976,Measles: The outbreak is occurring in two urban districts: Kampala (310 cases) and Wakiso (313 cases).,4
7410,"1.55 m people facing food insecurity (December 2016 Emergency Food Security Assessment, EFSA)   280,000 people severely food insecure 924,900 people received food assistance under the Hurricane response since the beginning of the operation  ",3
1884,"“There were clashes in Helmand every day, so we had to leave and come to Ghazni. Now we have no food and water here”, he said.",3
177,"The centre in Al-Hudaydah governorate is one of 28 dialysis centres in Yemen struggling to continue functioning. Last November, the Dialysis Centre in Ibb governorate stopped functioning due to lack of supplies and operational costs, leaving more than 500 patients without care.",4
832,"Mourad said chronic diseases routinely go untreated for lack of medication. NGOs and the health department of Nineveh, the province in which Sinjar sits, do provide some medications, but not enough, he said. The two work with only six beds, one toilet used by around 150 people a day, and almost no equipment. Doctor Rashu said he eventually needs to refer most patients to better-equipped hospitals in Dohuk or Mosul, some 170 kilometres and 130 kilometres away by road, respectively.",4
11621,The impact of oral cholera vaccination campaigns conducted in some regions of the country was evident as the number of new cholera cases recorded in the month of June has significantly declined with fewer associated deaths.,4
37,"The mudflow has damaged 3.5 km of irrigation water supply channels and 1.5 km of drinking water system. Therefore, access to clean drinking water and irrigation water in the village is currently limited. The mud has also destroyed crops on 40 ha of agricultural lands and kitchen gardens and partially damaged the secondary school of the village. The full results of the rapid assessment can be seen in the below table:",11
11914,"On August 31, Dr. Abdullah al-Khamesi, founder of the Yemen Red Crescent Society, died due to a lack of access to medical care and essential medical supplies in Yemen and an inability to travel abroad for medical treatment as a result of the Sana’a airport closure, according to international media",4
6530,"According to the new Integrated Food Security Phase Classification analysis, 1.3 million people are food insecure, and communal SMART surveys indicate the existence of pockets of malnutrition in the department of Grand’Anse.",3
837,"During December 2017, 17 incidents of violence against health care were reported. Of these, 16 have been veried and one still being veried (in the besieged area). Among the veried attacks, six incidents were reported on hospitals, three in Hama (two in Kafr Zeita and one in Latmana sub districts). two in Idleb (Ma'arrat An Nu'man and Khan Shaykun), while one incident reported on a hospital in Dara. Six incidents were reported on primary health centers, of them three in Rural Damascus (Harasta and Arbin sub district), two in Idleb (Ma'arrat An Nu'manand Dana sub district), while one incident reported from Tall Ed-daman in Aleppo governorate. Medical Warehouse was targeted in Ma'arrat An Nu’man, resulted in the damages of the warehouse and medical supplies. Three other incidents were reported on health workers two in Rural Damascus and one in Hama. Collectively veried attacks resulted in at least the killing of four people and injuring of ve people, of them three health workers were killed and one health sta was injured.",4
4,"Moreover, rates of child marriage appear to be increasing, with estimates ranging from 18% to 23% in some studies  compared to about 17.3% nationally in Syria before the crisis (as measured by the proportion of women aged 20–24 who married before the age of 18)",9
2021,"The central high plains and southeastern Madagascar experienced severe dryness and drought in January and early February. In the south, however, although the rainy season was approximately 5 – 7 weeks late overall levels of precipitation were near average during the month of January.Despite the near average rain and the expected near average harvests of maize and pulses, areas in the south that were affected by drought in the past 3 years will face Stressed (IPC Phase 2) through the remainder of the lean season. ",8
8242,"The agency says albino refugees in Malawi are reporting harassment, such as one refugee, now resettled to Canada, who said people kept trying to cut his hair.",9
10991,"In the DRC, 3.9 million people suffer from malnutrition, 847,000 of whom are in need of emergency assistance. Over 1.9 million Congolese children under five are severely malnourished.",8
10749,"WASH ? Regular water, sanitation and hygiene services have been running smoothly in all the five camps and the reception center. Preventive maintenances of electromechanical equipment (pumps, generators, and control panel boards and accessories) were carried out for Bokolmanyo, Melkadida and Kobe water systems. Construction of 235 bathing shelters (120 in Hilaweyn and 115 in Buramino) completed and handed over to refugees.  ",11
6427,"Border closures have also exerted pressure on trade, limiting supply and sale of goods and services. 3 These food system flaws, disruptions, and breakages have exacerbated the humanitarian crises and especially impacted women and youth significantly, further aggravating their precarious situation in an armed conflict that is characterized by genderbased violence and livelihoods destruction. Women and girls particularly are often the first to reduce their food intake, with negative repercussions for their nutrition and health— especially when women are pregnant or lactating, leading to increased nutritional needs for themselves and their children.",3
8456,"Water supplies across the port city of Chennai have dropped by half, with the government saying tap water may dwindle to a trickle in the days to come.  'We are supplying between 450 to 470 million litres of water every day,' compared to the normal requirement of 830 million litres, said Arun Roy, of the Chennai Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewage Board that supplies water across the city.",11
5509,"Since the beginning of the outbreak (on 4 April 2018), a total of 54 suspected EVD cases and 25 deaths (case fatality rate 46.3%) have been reported, as of 27 May 2018. Of the 54 cases, 35 have been laboratory confirmed, 13 probable (deaths for which biological samples were not obtained) and six suspected cases. Sixty percent (21) of the confirmed cases came from Iboko, followed by Bikoro (10 cases, 29%) and Wangata (4). A total of five healthcare workers have been affected, with four confirmed cases and two deaths.",4
7204,"228 out of 870 woredas targeted as Hotspot Priority 1 (severely affected)* 3.6 million children and PLW with MAM expected in 2017** 376,000 children with SAM expected in 2017• Horn of Africa (HoA) drought is affecting mainly Somali, SNNP, Oromia and Afar regions. • In the latest hotspot classification the GoE endorsed in July, 461 woredas were classified as priority districts in need of emergency food, livelihood, nutrition, health, water, and/or education response. The number of priority 1 woredas (most severely affected) increased from 192 to 228. • The Nutrition Strategic Advisory Group (SAG) revised the acute malnutrition caseload based on the belg/gu assessments. Total of 376,000 children under 5 are expected to be admitted for SAM and 3.6 million children and PLW for MAM treatment.141,636 admitted with SAM in Jan-May 2017, out of whom 11,722 were admitted to inpatient care (8% of total SAM admissions) 91% reporting rate",8
2651,"Boko Haram gunmen on 19 March raided Bodoum village in south-eastern Niger and looted a health centre and food from villagers. It was the first attack after a two-month lull. On 20 March, three suspected Boko Haram members killed a civilian in Garin Dogo village in Diffa",3
6062,"A Somali mother and two kids are reportedly died of hunger in Balanballe town in Gedo region, as some parts of the country is hit by a sever droughts, which put thousands at risky. Local elders blamed Gedo region administration for not doing enough to call on the international aid agencies and Somali government to assist the people hit by the drought. The authorities in Balanballe said the mom and her children were among hundreds of families who recently arrived in the town, escaping from the drought-stricken nearby areas. ",3
5747,"83 additional cases were reported. 1 death reported from Dikwa. Madinatu IDP camp clinic reported 10 cases with 7 deaths within the community, the 7 deaths occurred in the community.Total number of suspected cases of cholera reported is 4017, with 55 deaths (CFR = 1.4%); 1942 cases in the Muna corridor (Jere LGA), 678 cases in Dikwa, 1357 cases in Monguno, cases in MMC and Mafa still stand at 34 and 6 respectively. Out of the 133 samples taken, 107 (80%) were RDT positive and 99 (74%) were culture positive.The number of cholera cases reported on 26 September 2017 show a significant drop from previous days especially in Monguno LGA with 33 cases (Fig. 5). The number of cases reported in Dikwa has stayed below 20 for two weeks (Fig. 4). There is a slight drop in the number of cases reported in Jere on 26 September, 2017 compared to the previous day. In general, the number of cholera cases reported in the state has continued to decline in the last two days (Fig 5)",4
2907,"Two new Palestinian schools in the occupied West Bank, which are funded by European governments, are under threat of destruction and seizure. An Israeli court has already ordered students not to attend class in one of them. The schools in Wadi as Seeq and Al Muntar were built over the last year with European donor funding as humanitarian relief for Palestinian Bedouin communities struggling to access basic services. They serve displaced and refugee communities who have already suffered destruction of their property over many years. The schools are now the subject of Israeli court proceedings that could lead to their destruction and seizure. The hearings are scheduled for 20 November and 10 December. The Norwegian Refugee Council’s (NRC) Information Counselling and Legal Aid Programme (ICLA) provides humanitarian legal assistance to represent the communities in court.",2
8294," Despite disease, war and famine-like conditions, Yemen has become a popular layover for African migrants traveling to Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states. “When you ask them if they knew that there is war in this country, they say it is better to die traveling instead of sitting where we were,” Guracha said. Last year, more than 117,000 people arrived in Yemen, according to the UNHCR. This year, over 50,000 people, most of whom are children from Ethiopia and Somalia, reached Yemen via the Gulf of Aden or the Red Sea, according to estimates from the IOM.",9
2562,"On the government side, a National Task Force (NTF), established by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MoFA), leads the coordination of the overall Rohingya crisis. However, after the August 2017 influx, the Ministry of Disaster Management and Relief (MoDMR) has been assigned to coordinate the Rohingya response with support from the Bangladesh Army and Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB). In this structure, the roles of the Refugee, Relief and Repatriation (RRRC) Commissioner and the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of Cox's Bazar district are critical for daily coordination and information sharing",9
10323,"On Friday, the army dismantled makeshift bridges linking the two parts of Mosul due to heavy rain, forcing residents leaving Iraq's second-largest city to use small boats.  The city's permanent bridges have been largely destroyed during a six-month military campaign to seize back Mosul from the Sunni Muslim Islamists, which overran it in 2014.",7
9586,"Ongoing insecurity in Lac has triggered population displacement and disrupted income-generating activities and trade, according to FEWS NET. Additionally, declining household food stocks in Lac and depleted pastureland near Lake Chad are exacerbating food insecurity. FEWS NET projects that many households in Lac will likely face food shortages during the upcoming agricultural lean season and that Crisis levels of acute food insecurity will persist in the area through September.",3
2699,"09 November 2017: At, al Tah village, Idlib governorate, Syrian regime forces warplanes reportedly fired a missile at al Farja IDP camp (also known as al Sheih IDP camp), damaging tents and camp facilities. This was the second time the IDP camp has been hit in November. Source: Syrian Network for Human Rights",9
9980,The main international airport in Kabul has also been closed because of snow and ice on the runway.,1
6755,"Much of the water infrastructure is contaminated or destroyed. Some 30% of the affected population continues to use water from contaminated wells and 37% still use the national water network, which is not chlorinated. In addition, the total absence of a drainage system and latrines in some communities such as Culvert, leaves people at risk of diarrheal diseases, cholera, malaria and respiratory tract infections, especially vulnerable groups such as children under-five and pregnant and lactating women. There is therefore a need for the provision of clean and safe drinking water, access to appropriate sanitation, provision of hygiene kits and hygiene promotion, to prevent the outbreak of waterborne diseases and to avoid deterioration in the public health situation",11
1284,"Egyptians have been hit with the worst inflation in a decade, cutting spending as much as possible as prices surge by over 30 percent on basic food items, transport, housing, and even some essential medicines.",6
9420,"A fire on August 9 displaced approximately 25,000 people and destroyed nearly half of the shelters in Kalemie’s Katanyika IDP camp, the UN reports. Two additional unrelated fires damaged or destroyed houses in nearby IDP settlements in recent weeks; in total, fires have affected an estimated 50,000 people in Kalemie, according to CRS. MSF notes that the risk of additional fires remains high due to the proximity of straw shelters in the IDP settlements, coupled with challenges in site management.",9
4919,"WFP is providing food assistance to almost 300 families, with each ration offering a family of five a month’s supply of rice, pasta, wheat flour, chickpeas, vegetable oil, sugar and tomato paste.",3
10949,"Heavy rain that started Monday has affected 72,800 people in 15 counties. More than 3,900 hectares of crops were damaged, and power supply has been disrupted 16 times, causing a direct economic loss of 91 million yuan (14.3 million U.S. dollars).  Several cities in the region, including Yulin, Wuzhou, Qinzhou and Hezhou, are expecting more heavy downpours from Thursday night to Friday, according to the regional meteorological department.  The region issued a blue alert on Thursday for floods as heavy rain continued to hit the region.  The bureau warned local authorities and people to take precautions against the floods.",5
6055,"Two Palestinians were injured and 40 Palestinian-owned trees were reportedly set on fire in three separate incidents involving Israeli settlers. Israeli settlers physically assaulted and injured two Palestinian men in the Israeli-controlled H2 area of Hebron city and near Kifl Haris village (Salfit). Farmers from Burin village (Nablus) reported that 40 Palestinian-owned trees were set on fire by Israeli settlers from Yitzhar or its adjacent outposts; since the beginning of 2017, at least 1,400 trees were reportedly vandalized by settlers, mostly in the Nablus area, compared to 361 in the entire 2016.",0
9517,"Reduced availability of food In Honduras is presented in the corridor dry. At the beginning of April 2017, About 60 percent of households Interviewees had insufficient reserves Of basic grains to cover Its demands until the next harvest. As a result, Basic grains fell by more than 10 Percent for maize and beans, and in more Of 200 percent in maicillo. Of the total Of basic grains consumed, a 74 Percent came from the market. By the end of May 2017, it is estimated That more than 90 percent of households Have exhausted their reserves and Depend on the market. Old Deficits will be presented in municipalities Of the south of El Paraíso, Francisco Morazán and La Paz",3
2626,"PNG quake victims still needing basic supplies The non government agency World Vision says from next month it will roll out its efforts to restore water supplies and other infrastructure among the earthquake hit communities it is working with in the Papua New Guinea Southern Highlands.   It is now two months since a massive 7.5 magnitude earthquake hit Hela, Western and Southern Highlands, causing widespread devastation and claiming at least 125 lives.   World Vision's PNG country co-ordinator, Stella Rumbam, says it has been working with several communities in the Bosavi area of Southern Highlands.       She told Don Wiseman it is still in the process of distributing basic items such as blankets, mosquito nets and jerry cans for water.",11
5311,"Boko Haram: Terrorist Group destroyed 1,500 schools in the North-East A United Nation Supported NGO under the aegis  ‘Women Advocates Research and Documentation Center’ (WARDC), on Thursday, said Boko Haram insurgents had destroyed over 1,500 schools in Northern Nigeria in the last six yearsDr Abiola Awolabi,  Founder of WARDC, who stated this to newsmen at a two day workshop in Maiduguri, said that of this figure, about 525 of the destroyed schools were in Borno. Awolabi lamented that some schools in Borno were used as camps by both security operatives and IDPs, leading to their closure for more than two years. ",2
6915,"In addition, 23.3 per cent of women of reproductive age were also malnourished. Micronutrient deficiencies, particularly in iron, zinc, vitamin A and iodine, are common. A 2014 Ministry of Public Health Report noted that 31.2 per cent of pregnant women are anaemic and the prevalence of low birth weight was five per cent. In addition to a lack of access to diverse and sufficient food, undernutrition is exacerbated by inadequate health and water, sanitation and hygiene services. Globally, it is estimated that 40-60 per cent of childhood malnutrition is attributed to poor conditions of water, sanitation and hygiene through repeated bouts of diarrhoea, worm infection and unhygienic living conditions.",8
3933,"Over the weekend, negotiations between rebel and regime negotiators failed to reach an agreement to repair the damaged pumping station, and airstrikes resumed once again on Sunday, continuing into Tuesday. ",1
5982,"Between 2,000 and 3,000 families from Daraa city have fled to the nearby countryside to stay with relatives or sleep rough on farmland and in orchards to escape heavy artillery bombardment, said Civil Defense spokesman Abazeid. ",4
8068,"The UN children's agency further points to the high levels of malnutrition, 'with severe acute malnutrition levels at 5.4 percent' in the newly accessible Jebel Marra area in Central Darfur. 'Immunization rates are also very low with children as old as seven years having never been vaccinated and an estimated 23,000 school aged children in need of education support. ",4
5389,"Thousands of families are displaced and taking shelters on embankment, flood shelters or in neighbouring houses. As of 17 July, 17 people have died in the floods.",10
4808,"In Kachin and northern Shan, the intensification and spreading of conflict has led to new and secondary displacement. Allegations of international humanitarian and human rights law violations continued to be reported, including GBV, grave violence against children, forced recruitment, and restrictions on freedom of movement. The protracted nature of conflict and displacement have had a dramatic impact on civilians, especially women, children, persons with disability and the elderly whose situation has been further compounded by the lack of access to assistance and protection services due to increased restrictions on travel authorizations. The shrinking of humanitarian space, a climate of impunity, lack of access to livelihoods, high levels of drug use and abuse, and landmine contamination continue to be the defining features of the conflict in Kachin and Shan.",5
6644,"Due to limited funding, humanitarian agencies are only able to target one third of the population (seven million) and some two thirds of the population rely on commercially imported supplies. The continued availability of commodities in the markets is essential to preventing unprecedented famine in Yemen. Commercial stocks of wheat are only enough for three months for the entire population of 28 million people. There are 112 days until current stocks of rice are depleted.",3
9403,"The parents committee in Jerusalem’s north-eastern occupied town of Al-Issawiya announced today that they won’t let their children out to school starting tomorrow until further notice. The committee explained that the move comes in protest at the Israeli forces daily raids on the neighbourhood towards the end of school hours. Local sources reported that the occupation forces have been targeting the town’s schools, throwing sound bombs at the students and causing panic among them.",9
4793,"In the Livelihoods sector, the number of issued work permits grew in agricultural and construction sectors, while the Government of Jordan (GoJ) allowed short-term work permits and work outside camps for Syrian refugees. The establishment of employment centres in Zataari and Azarq was a positive development and significant increased employment opportunities. The Government National Empowerment and-Employment Programme has also increased opportunities for Syrian refugees. However restrictions on occupations continue to restrict refugees' access to the labour market.",5
4530,"The province of Equateur covers an area of 130 442 km2 and has an estimated population of 2 543 936 people, it has 16 health zones and 284 health centers. However, the affected health area of Bikoro covers 1,075 km2 and has a population of 163, 065 inhabitants. It has three hospitals and 19 health centers, most of which have limited functionality. Medical supplies are provided by international agencies, but stockouts of medical supplies are common. The village of Ikoko-Impenge is located 45 km from the central office of the Bikoro area and is not accessible by road, and falls outside the telephone network. However, there is an airstrip 8 km from Bikoro.",4
2498,Two reports published in July 2017 by the United Nations Country Team and United Nations Development Programme evidenced the deterioration of all socio-economic indicators. The reports highlighted that Gaza continued its trajectory of de-development,3
1879,"At least 20 National Youth Service (NYS) officers have been infected with cholera in Tana River County.According to Oscar Endekwa, the County Director for Public Health, 21 cholera cases have been reported in the county.Speaking to Nation in his office in Hola, Dr Endekwa said the situation at the NYS camp was under control.",4
1939,"Tropical Cyclone ENAWO continued moving west south-west over the southwestern Indian Ocean and towards north-eastern areas in Madagascar, strengthening. On 07 March morning it made landfall over Antalaha district, near Antalha city, with an approximate maximum sustained wind speed between 220 and 230 km/h.Over the next 24 hours it is forecast to continue moving south-west over northern and central Madagascar, weakening into a Tropical Storm.  Heavy rain, storm surge and strong winds may affect the north-eastern and central-eastern areas of the country. JRC estimations indicate a maximal storm surge height of 1 m along the coast of Helodrano Antongila Bay, and 1.8 m near Antalaha on 07 March at 7.00 UTC. As of the same time, Meteo Madagascar has issued a Red Alert in several areas of Diana, Sava, Sofia, Analanjirofo, Alaotra-Mangoro, and Atsinanana regions.",10
10472,"Across Timor-Leste over half (61%) of surveyed households reported that they have less than one month’s food supplies remaining. When broken down to consider the worst impacted areas this number increases to 65%, with a marked decrease in food available beyond the next two months. If food stocks are not replenished from this next harvest, households will have to rely on limited cash base / livelihoods and other coping mechanisms. With the disruption to normal food sources and late and reduced crops from this year’s crops, these food stocks are at risk of deletion before the delayed harvest is ready, further impacting on household food levels. ",3
6263,"Two persons died as a result of a boat sinking on Saturday, more than two thousand hectares of corn lost and four access routes cut form the preliminary balance of flood damage following the overflow of the Limpopo River in the Chibuto district of Gaza.",5
10256,"In the Diffa region of Niger, UNICEF explains, some 150,000 people are living in makeshift shelters and will be exposed to heavy rains and unsanitary conditions.",10
1007,"According to FAO’s Agricultural Stress Index  (ASI), drought conditions has affected the main cereal-producing areas located in the northern and central parts of the country, including the provinces of Bulgan, Tov, southern parts of Selenge, Khentii and Dornod, which collectively account for close to 80  percent of the overall main cereal production season (see Figure  1). The drought affected the 2017  wheat crop, currently being harvested, during critical growing periods of heading and flowering, causing considerable yield reductions. The drought was followed by heavy rains during the first and seconddekad of August, which further affected the wheat crop just before its harvest, further reducing yields. As a result, and despite an estimated 3 percent increase in wheat plantings to an above-average level of 367 200 hectares, wheat production in 2017 is officially forecast at 259 000 tonnes, almost 50 percent below the previous five-year average",0
4969,"The gradual decline in Israel’s issuance of medical permits, from 92 percent approval of applications in 2012 to 88.7 percent in 2013, 82.4 percent in 2014, 77.5 percent in 2015, 62.07 percent in 2016, and 54 percent in 2017 according to the WHO, indicates that Israel has increasingly restricted travel even for “exceptional humanitarian cases.”",4
1639,"The rate of new suspected cases has declined from almost 51,000 a week at the peak of the outbreak in July to 35,000 per week. However, WHO warns that the outbreak is not over as laboratory testing continues to confirm cases. More than one million acutely malnourished children under the age of five are estimated to be living in areas where cholera infection levels are high. Children with acute malnutrition are at least threetimes more likely to die from diarrhoeal diseases like cholera. Diarrhoeal diseases themselves are a leading cause of malnutrition.",4
9760,Eating once a day   Getting loans to buy food   Some girls are prompted to start prostitution due to food related problems,9
775,"In Puerto Padre, 695 people required all of the required resources to resolve the impacts to their homes",10
8739,"Tropical Cyclone ENAWO continued moving west south-west over the south-western Indian Ocean and towards north-eastern Madagascar, strengthening. On 7 March at 6.00 UTC, its centre was located approx. 50 km north-east of Antalaha city (Antsiranana Province) and had max. sustained wind speed of 231 km/h.On 7 March morning (UTC), it is forecast to continue moving west south-west and make landfall close to Antalaha city as an intense Tropical Cyclone with max. sustained winds of 220 - 230 km/h. Heavy rain, storm surge and strong winds may affect the north-eastern and central-eastern areas of the country. JRC estimations indicate a max. storm surge height of 1.3 m along the coast of Helodrano Antongila Bay, on 7 March at 13.00 UTC.As of 7 March at 7.00 UTC, Meteo Madagascar has issued a Red Alert in several areas of Diana, Sava, Sofia, Analanjirofo, Alaotra-Mangoro, Atsinanana regions.",7
6881,"Communities are becoming more desperate to feed their families and people have started using “extreme coping strategies,” including going into sparsely inhabited forests, swamps and grassland to hunt “increasingly unhealthy wild plants” as food, says a report by REACH.",3
4709,The police official added that there was no electricity in the area at the time of the attack and added that suspected gang-war elements were behind the attack.,7
10800,"Hezbollah and regime snipers shoot at anyone who tries to reach the distribution centers,” Madaya Local Council spokesman Firas al-Hussein tells Syria Direct’s Mohammed al-Falouji. “Residents are targeted by artillery fire, too.”Hungry Madaya residents afraid to pick up food aid as snipers target distribution centers  Regime and Hezbollah fighters surrounding the Outer Damascus town of Madaya are gunning down residents who approach food distribution points, a local council representative tells Syria Direct. ",3
2158,"Despite significant progress in reconstruction, 7,700 Palestinian families, or about 40,000 people whose homes were destroyed or severely damaged during the 2014 hostilities, were still displaced in February 2017, down from over 16,000 families at the start of 2015. The greatest concern is for approximately 4,000 of these families who have not been allocated any funding for reconstruction and see no end in sight to their displacement. Internally displaced persons (IDPs) in Gaza face a range of challenges and protection concerns. These were reflected in a comprehensive survey carried out by humanitarian partners, under OCHA coordination, in the second half of 2015. Concerns include overcrowding and lack of privacy, limited access to basic services, a decline in the quantity and diversity of food consumed, risk of gender-based violence, and exposure to weather extremes and unexploded ordnance. These factors exacerbate the vulnerability of certain groups, particularly female-headed households, children and persons with disabilities. Over 60 per cent of IDP households currently stay in rented accommodation, according to a Shelter Cluster assessment; given the limited housing stock, it is believed that some of these families are in fact renting space in the homes of extended family. The remaining families reside in their damaged homes, with relatives, in pre-fabricated units, in makeshift shelters, or have other arrangements.",10
2178,"The Department of Health (DoH) has said there was no outbreak of cholera in Iligan City despite earlier reports of nine cases among evacuees. Between May 26 and June 28, nine confirmed cases of cholera were reported involving children aged nine months to six years, and a 62-year-old female.",11
8161," Food security situation slightly improved compared to the same period last year for the following reasons: ? Rainfall during the 2016 summer cropping season was generally very favorable in most parts of Sudan in terms of both amounts and distribution, As a result this year’s high national production of almost eight million MT of cereals was produced. Food availability: The combination of high yields and increased harvestable area was estimated to result in the production of 5.86 million MT of sorghum and 1.48 million MT of millet. These figures exceeded the previous season drought-affected production and the average production of the previous five years by 146 and 68 percent respectively in the case of sorghum production, and by 187 and 93 percent respectively in the case of millet production which are considered as main stable food crops, Wheat harvested by March/April 2017 is generally good, with an estimated production of 483 000 MT. Food is also available in the markets. Good rainfall has resulted in good pastures and well-replenished water sources (hafirs), and livestock vaccination programmes have been effective. ",3
3012,"This week between 4,300 and 10,000 people transited through Hammam Al-Alil daily from west Mosul.Families reported that the continuous fighting, shelling, airstrikes, targeting of civilians attempting to flee, and the lack of food, water, and basic services are the main reasons of forced displacement",11
142,Measles - No. of outbreaks 125.No. of cases 2363.No. of deaths 62.  ,4
6414,"An assessment focusing on “Women’s Lives at sex trafficking around the world” has found that the numbers of Nigerian women trafficked into Europe for sex work has increased dramatically in recent years. In 2015 the number of Nigerian women and girls arrived Italy increased to 5,600 from 1,500 in 2014. According to IOM 80% of the Nigerian females who arrive Europe are trafficked. Although Nigerian women used to arrive to Italy on planes with visas, now they arrive through the smuggling route that was developed between Africa and Europe.",9
9823,"Myanmar’s military chief on Monday called Rohingya Muslims illegal immigrants and defended a recent crackdown on the minority group in the northern part of Rakhine state that led to the deaths of an estimated 1,000 people and the exodus of more than 77,000 Rohingya.",9
4152,"Marawi residents have started returning to their homes after the 'liberation' of the southern city by the Philippine army. The country's security forces officially ended their combat operations in the city earlier this month. The five-month battle between the army and the 'Islamic State'-linked Maute militant group was one of the deadliest wars in the Southeast Asian country since World War Two. But the initial joy of city's 'liberation' is gradually being replaced by frustration and anger as details of the troops' alleged rights violations and destruction of the area come to the fore.Many residents, who had fled the city after Islamists took over Marawi in May, had only seen the devastation on mainstream and social media. Now as they return to their city, they find it has been reduced to rubble.Some residents are now preparing to take legal action against the government, accusing authorities of mass destruction of property, illegal detention and extra-judicial killings. Thousands of homes in Marawi have been completely destroyed and it may take years to rebuild them'Since June, we have been documenting reports of civilians who were captured and tortured by the military because they were thought to be Maute fighters. There are reports of illegal detention, extra-judicial killings and numerous other cases of threats and intimidation at evacuation centers and military checkpoints,' Lidasan told DW, adding that many residents were afraid to speak out against the military since it still controls Mindanao.",10
3819,"Continuous limited humanitarian access has had adverse impact on nutrition response, particularly in middle Juba, Bay region (Dinsoor, Qansaxdheere and Berdale). ? Low immunisation coverage and high morbidity have continuously led to increased admissions in treatment centres. ? Supply gaps predicted due to influx of IDPs and increased admissions. ? Limited health services, chronic diet diversity and poor child care practices has significantly contributed to the deterioration of the nutrition situation across the country. ",8
11439,"Daraa Province, The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights: the cease-fire still holds in accordance with the Russian-American-Jordanian agreement that was put into effect 24 hours ago, specifically at 12 pm yesterday 17th of June 2017. The SOHR learned that the calm is still prevailing in the city of Daraa since yesterday. There was only an exchange of fire between the regime forces and the factions in addition to the dropping of a number of shells at midnight yesterday. The first hour of the implementation of the agreement which was put into effect at 12 pm on June 17, also witnessed the dropping of a number of shells by the regime forces on areas in Daraa Al-Balad and a number of raids by the warplanes targeting areas in the vicinity of Daraa Camp and areas in Daraa city.  This prevailing calm came as a result of the agreement after the city had witnessed the fiercest battles since the implementation of the “de-escalation zones” agreement on the 6th of May 2017 between the regime forces, their allied militiamen and Lebanese Hezbollah on one hand and the rebel and Islamic factions and fighters of Hayyaat Tahrir Al-Sham on the other in areas in Daraa al-Balad and in the vicinity of Daraa camp from the 3rd till the afternoon of the 17th of June 2017. These battles were accompanied by the most violent escalation ever witnessed by Daraa for months as the regime forces, warplanes and helicopters launched more than 2000 raids, barrel bombs, missiles- believed to be ground to ground- and rocket and artillery shells on Daraa city, causing huge destruction in the infrastructure, and in the buildings and houses of civilians. Civilian casualties were reported and tens of fighters of the factions and members of the regime forces were killed in these battles. The SOHR also observed caution exercised by the factions regarding the implementation of this agreement at this time, especially that the agreement is only valid for 48 hours and came after an intense shelling on the city and after the arrival of military reinforcements brought by the regime forces to take part in the battle of Daraa. This battle, that broke out in Daraa city since the 3rd of June 2017, is considered the third violent battle witnessed by the City since the beginning of the last month and is also considered the most violent battle since the implementation of the cease-fire agreement in the “de-escalation zones” extending from the Syrian north, which includes Idlib Province, the northern countryside of Homs and Hama and Damascus Ghouta, to the Syrian south on the 6th of May. There was a battle on the 22nd of May and another on the 17th of the same month accompanied by tens of raids and rocket and artillery shelling from both sides. It is also worth mentioning that the rebel and Islamic factions and Hayyaat Tahrir Al-Sham launched on the first half of February 2017 the battle of “Death over Humiliation” which aims at taking control of Daraa Al-Balad in Daraa city. These factions were able to make huge progress and take control of blocks of buildings and sites of the regime forces. Dozens of fighters from both sides lost their lives during these clashes and the shelling that accompanied them.",10
822,"The volatile security situation has limited livelihood activities, which will exacerbate food insecurity and vulnerability in the absence of sustained food assistance.",3
1971,"Income is improving for households involved in harvesting activities and crop sales in the southern and central regions. In the past two seasons, poor, middle, and better-off household incomes were very low or non-existent as households coped with consecutive years of drought. This lead to low labor opportunities and forced very poor and poor households to deplete their household assets in order to obtain enough cash for basic food and non-food purchases. Even with improvements in labor and other income earning opportunities during the current harvest, additional time is needed for households to fully recover and rebuild their asset base back to normal levels.",3
2973,"It is currently lean season. Previous harvests have been lost due to cyclone MORA and violence. Many people have fled their homes. In North Rakhine, malnutrition was already above the emergency threshold before the current events that will sharply increase vulnerabilities. Widespread hunger, disease and mortality are to be expected unless food, shelter and health assistance is rapidly provided. But access is hampered and it is likely remain so for the coming weeks.",8
4188,Graph 4 shows the trend analysis of suspected Measles cases reported between week 1 and week 35 of 2016 and 2017. It shows a decrease for a second consequent week in the trend of SM cases.? Graph 5 shows the number of laboratory confirmed Measles cases reported till July 2017. It shows that the peak of measles cases was in April. ,4
1817,"During 2017, Health Cluster Turkey Hub has received 382 alerts on violence against health care, from various internal health cluster partners and external verifiers including international humanitarian agencies. out of these alerts there are 192 incidents. Generally, the annual report showed a decrease of 42% incidents as compared to the last year. Out of the total 192 incidents, there were 122 verified incidents on 73 health facilities and 69 ambulances, that resulted in the killing of at least 73 people including 28 health workers and 10 patients, and wounding at least 149 people including 46 health workers, 4 patients and 99 others. Hospitals were the most affected in 2017, followed by primary health care centers and ambulatory systems.",4
11199,"Pyongyang says 70 percent of North Koreans still use the state's central distribution system as their main source of food, the same number of people that the UN estimates are 'food insecure  SEOUL, Nov 3 (Reuters) - Take the dregs left from making soy bean oil, which usually go to feed the pigs. Press and roll them into a sandy-coloured paste. Stuff with rice, and top with chilli sauce. The dish's name, injogogi, means 'man-made meat",3
9567,"Many have no access to food or water and are in open air spaces. Weather conditions in recent weeks have seen temperatures drop, as well as increased rain. An estimated 20 percent of the group is women, including pregnant women, and children. It is believed that most migrants and refugees originated from countries in the Sahel.",11
738,"Their measurements show prices rose 741 percent in the 12 months to February, 20.1 percent last month alone and 42.5 percent in the first two months of 2017.Venezuela's most recent official inflation figures, released last year, showed prices rising 180.9 percent in 2015.",3
2883,"the price of both imported and domestically produced soap in shops has tripled since 2014. The supply chain remains fully functional, although the full effect of rising prices on households’ access is not known.",7
5597,"Torrential rains have caused flash flooding and landslides in more than 40 towns and villages in six provinces of Azerbaijane-Gharbi, Azerbaijane-Sharghi, Kordestan, Zanjan, Mazandaran and Ardebil in Iran’s northwest on Saturday, killing at least 42 people according to the National Crisis Management Organization. ",7
2969,"Turkey on Saturday expelled more than 3,900 people from the civil service and military as threats to national security, in the second major purge since President Tayyip Erdogan was granted sweeping new powers. The expulsions - carried out in conjunction with media curbs - affected prison guards, clerks, academics, employees of the religious affairs directorate and 1,200 members of the armed forces including nearly 600 officers.",9
997,Need for prepositioning agricultural inputs (tools & seeds) before the main planting season.,3
3696,The Moroccan locust that hatched in March adds to the list of agricultural threats. Crops with low moisture are more liable to crop pests. The locust attacks a wide range of cultivated plants and can cause severe damage.,0
9393,"Cumulatively, 6,774 cholera cases including 221 deaths (70 facilities and 151 community) (CFR 3.25%) have been reported in South Sudan (Figs 19.2&19.3; Table 4.2) • New cholera outbreak confirmed in Mayom and Kodok - with active transmission in Yirol East, Yirol West, Ayod, and Mingkaman (Figs 19.2&19.3; Table 4.2). • A new cluster of suspect cholera cases reported in Tar cattle camp near Pagil in Ayod. • A total of 18 counties in 10 (31%) of 32 states countrywide have confirmed cholera outbreaks (Figs 19.2&19.3; Table 4.2). • The transmission in Awerial (Dor), Yirol East (Tharnuar), and Ayod (Buol and Tar) is largely attributed to disease spread in affected cattle camps.",4
648,The charity’s experts found exposure to extreme levels of violence and deprivation is causing all children interviewed to display clear signs of a condition known as ‘toxic stress’. The condition is the most dangerous form of stress response where the mind is constantly in a fight or flight response.,4
7169,"A powerful earthquake struck northeast Iran on Wednesday near the holy city of Mashhad, leaving at least one person dead and several injured.",10
5192,"Of the 181,436 refugees and migrants who reached Italy in 2016, 90% departed from Libya with most boats departing from the west of the country, especially Sabratha. Many travelled in inflatable boats with between 120 and 140 persons on board while others travelled on wooden boats ranging in size and with between 20 and 700 persons on board.The Libyan Coast Guard reported intercepting or rescuing 14,332 people at sea in 2016. A joint report by the UN Support Mission in Libya and the UN Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) reported that after interception by armed men believed to be from the Libyan Coast Guard, refugees and migrants “are often beaten, robbed and taken to detention centres or private houses and farms, where they are subjected to forced labour, rape, and other sexual violence.”15",4
8271," 594,000 people were reached in May through asset creation for livelihood/relief activities. • An estimated 175,655 people – including 139,000 children – are at risk of violence, abuse and exploitation, 122,655 of whom at risk of gender-based violence. • After a food pipeline break during term I (January to April) the Ministry of Education (MoE) and WFP resumed school meals in ASAL counties for over 1.6 million children. • Heightened insecurity due to conflict in northeastern parts of the country has caused non-local teachers to flee leading to the closure of over 18 schools. This has disrupted learning for over 4,500 children.  ",9
10590,"Two human rights activists have been arrested in Istanbul a short while after being released from detention.    Nalan Erkem and ?lknur Üstün, who were previously detained and later released on condition of judicial control, were arrested on July 22.   Erkem from the Citizen’s Assembly and Üstün from the Women’s Coalition were among the 10 activists detained earlier this month in a raid by police on a workshop session of human rights activists held on an island south of Istanbul.",9
7766,"Government authorities are restricting ethnic Wa people who live in northern Shan State from traveling to Kyaingtong and other major towns in eastern parts of the state, according to local sources. There are two main roads for ethnic Wa traveling to Kyaingtong in eastern Shan State and Tachilek on the Thai-Burmese border. But since early this month, authorities have been checking the ID cards of travellers and barring further travel along the routes if the holder is ethnic Wa, according to complaints lodged with the United Wa State Army.There are about 900,000 ethnic Wa living in Special Region 2 in northern Shan State. In the past, they have freely traveled to Kyaingtong and Tackhilek for medical treatment or to trade goods, using ID cards issued by Myanmar immigration.",9
7876,"As of 30 November, the Inter-Sector Coordination Group (ISCG) reported that 625,0001 Rohingya refugees have entered Bangladesh since the attacks. According to ISCG’s rapid needs assessment, 58 per cent of new arrivals are children and 60 per cent are women including a high number of pregnant (3 per cent) and lactating women (7 per cent). With the new influx, the current total number of Rohingya who have fled from Myanmar into Bangladesh, coupled with the affected population in the communities, has reached a staggering 1.2 million2 . There are 720,000 children among the new arrivals, existing Rohingya populations and vulnerable host communities who are affected and need urgent humanitarian assistance including critical life-saving interventions.",1
5187,"On 15 October 2017, the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees (UNRWA) discovered the existence of what appeared to be a tunnel underneath one of its schools in Gaza. In accordance with its protocol, the Agency has taken the necessary measures immediately to render the school safe and has sealed the cavity underneath its premises. The school resumed its operations on the 25th of October. ",2
4083,Nearly 70ha of rice crop have been inundated by flood waters in the Mekong Delta province of An Giang’s V?nh H?i ?ông Commune.,0
9555,"April is a transitioning period between a severe lack of food availability and high staple food prices pre-harvest, to widespread, favorable improvements in food access and declining staple food prices. Since March, parts of the southern region, particularly Maputo Province, started harvesting. In April, harvesting is ongoing in the rest of the southern region as well as in much of central Mozambique. In the majority of northern areas, poor households, even the most food insecure, are now consuming green foods, and the main harvest has begun in Niassa Province. The last place to harvest is in Cabo Delgado, where the harvest is expected to begin in late May.",3
5765,Cholera cases and deaths have declined significantly during the month of July 2017 with less districts reporting cases as compared to the previous months,4
11941,"across foraml settlements in Iraq, Humaitrain reponse gaps have been noted for Proection, WASH, Education and NFIs ",9
5928,"In total, the number of people it is estimated that 5.9 million people are in food crisis and accelerated depletion of livelihood assets (phases 3 and 4) in areas that have been classified.  ",3
9613,"Six suspected cases of Lassa fever with three Laboratory confirmed and one death was reported from four LGAs (Edo, Ondo & Plateau States) in week 24, 2017 compared with zero cases at the same period in 2016. ",4
11713,"The displaced population includes an estimated 40,000 pregnant women, UN officials estimate, many of whom are expected to give birth in coming weeks. An unknown but significant share of these pregnancies, aid officials believe, resulted from rapes committed by members of the Myanmar army and allied militants.",4
960,Taliban Using Civilian Homes As Shields in Baghlan BattleResidents in the Baghlan-e-Markazi district of northern Baghlan province have said that the Taliban has destroyed their homes after taking control of their area,10
9987,"Another source said the ministry was also considering anexceptional 10 percent increase in salaries for governmentemployees to partly offset recent price rises. A surge in inflation to a 30-year high since Egypt droppedthe pound's peg to the dollar in November has driven up livingcosts in the import-dependent country, with food and drinksprices rising over 40 percent in the year to February. ",3
6187,"A drought during the summer  of 2016 has depleted herders’ reserves  of hay and fodder in the eastern part of  the country putting at risk livestock which  are a vital source of food, transport and  income for thousands of people. ",5
1311,"With forecast of below-normal Gu rainfall, the area planted for Gu crops is likely to be below average. Given likely belowaverage river water levels, irrigated crop cultivation will also be below average. Consequently, agricultural labor demand for land preparation, planting, and weeding are likely to be below normal.",3
8769,"Dr. Ronald LaRoche, who operates a network of private hospitals around the country and is a primary care advocate, said Haiti’s healthcare crisis is going to get “worse when considering the shrinking of international assistance, the lack of income coming from the government side, the inflation rate, the increase of the population and the emergence of new hazards like cholera and Zika, and the reappearance of old ones like tuberculosis.” ",4
11596,"Members of this recently displaced population are going home, but in many cases it is much too soon. Physical safety is the most fundamental problem: areas of return, especially the ones most recently taken from ISIS, are heavily contaminated with improvised explosive devices (IEDs) and mines. There is widespread fear of revenge and retribution killings by and of religious and political groups that perceive others to be their enemies. Moreover, potential returnees are sometimes unwelcome by security forces and local authorities who are unwilling to protect people they consider their opponents, or sympathizers with their opponents.The basic necessities of daily life are hard to come by while displaced, and even more so upon return. Shelter is practically non-existent in some of the areas most damaged by ISIS and by the fight to rout ISIS, access to clean water is a challenge for both IDPs and returnees, and medical services and electricity are not readily available in many places. Earning money to pay for the materials and services so crucial for returnees is hardly possible until the nascent reconstruction of Iraq begins bearing fruit. In the midst of this situation in which humanitarian needs are difficult to address, some IDPs are returning spontaneously simply because they are tired of being displaced. Others are being encouraged or pressed to return by de facto incentives like salaries, compensation for lost property, and promises of non-food items (NFIs) and building materials to start over, or in some cases, by outright eviction. Faced with poor conditions and a lack of protection in many of the IDP camps and settlements, such offers and pressures can be hard to resist, even when security conditions are questionable and the elements of a dignified return are not in place. Given that the fight against ISIS continues and Iraq faces an ongoing economic crisis, the Iraqi government has not been able to designate significant funding for humanitarian assistance to the displaced nor ensure that returns occur only when people feel ready. Even while the debate about safe returns occurs, internal displacement continues, both because of ongoing fighting and because people who cannot go home are sometimes being sent to new locations: in some places,the local governments are insisting that IDPs must leave, sometimes in order to make room for newer, more vulnerable people, and sometimes for reasons known only to themselves. These attempts to orchestrate returns according to ideas other than the generally-accepted international standards have the potential to leave vulnerable people even more exposed to risk, further destabilize Iraq, and make the country’s reconstruction even more challenging.",10
9973,"Flooding in the northern regions of Namibia has increased the number of stagnant bodies of water and thus an increase in malaria incidence which affects Namibia’s goal to control and eliminate malaria by 2020. While the country has suffered malaria outbreaks from 2014 to 2017 affecting mostly the six regions bordering Angola and Zambia (Kavango East, Kavango West, Ohangwena, Omusati, Oshana and Zambezi), the increase in incidence for 2017 is significantly worse than recent years. Based on the statement from the Minister of Health on 29 March 2017, 11,902 people had contracted malaria in Namibia, and 18 had died of the disease since January this year. This is more than triple the number recorded from the same period in 2015.",4
42,"In what were described as unprecedented flood levels, some areas of the districts were under 2 metres of water. Schools have been closed, 700 homes damaged and almost 6,000 families affected.",2
5693,"Moreover, the ongoing hostilities caused severe traffic stoppage on the Bria-Ippy highway, an important route for transporting commercial goods and humanitarian supplies to Bria.",6
6898,"In South Kordofan, there has been a significant increase of new arrivals in 2017 which has contributed to tension in the area as host communities have experienced their already limited services stretched beyond capacity",9
8557,"Running water is only available in urban areas for one or two days per week; families have taken to storing 20 and 50 litres of uncovered containers of water, increasing the risk of water- and mosquito-borne diseases in towns. ",4
11255,"Nduta refugee camp continues to receive asylum seekers and the population stood at 127,499 refugees at the end of August 2017, while the camp has a maximum capacity of 132,000 refugees. ? More than 60% of refugees and asylum seekers continue to reside in emergency shelters and tents which are in poor condition. There is need for additional funding to provide transitional shelter.",10
3686,"Currently, even with normally functioning markets across the country, low food commodity volumes and high prices continue to hamper household food availability and access. Between August and September, wholesale maize prices remained above average in the urban reference markets due to low volumes. For example, prices were 46 – 48 percent higher in Kisumu and Eldoret due to the dependence on high priced imports and were relatively lower, at 12 and 23 above average in Nairobi andMombasa, respectively, due to access to limited cross-border imports from Tanzania, subsidized Government of Kenya imports, and limited harvests from the marginal areas. Dry bean prices remained above average across all markets, 34 – 44 percent above average in Nairobi and Eldoret, due to high priced imports from Uganda, while the prices were relatively lower, at about 12 – 19 percent above average, in Mombasa and Kisumu due to access to local harvests and cross-border imports from Tanzania and Uganda, respectively. Since May, the Government of Kenya’s maize subsidy program had facilitated the availability of subsidized maize flour at KES 47 and KES 90 for one and two-kilogram flour packets, respectively. The Government of Kenya stopped the program, as of the end of October, coinciding with the 2017 long rains harvest from the high and medium rainfall areas that is expected to temporarily lower maize prices across the country due to the increased supply into the market.",3
1413,"Refugees crossing from DRC into neighbouring Zambia are hosted temporarily at the Kenani transit center, close to the border. Over 5,400 people are currently staying at the center, receiving assistance from the authorities, UNHCR and partners. As the rainy season has started, it is becoming urgently important to beef up public health, sanitation and water supplies to prevent diseases. Psychosocial support, as well as care for people with specific needs – some 27 per cent of the refugee population – is also urgently required. ",4
10881,"An estimated 5.3 million people, 48 percent of the population, are currently facing Crisis (IPC Phase 3) or worse acute food insecurity, despite the harvest and continued, large-scale assistance. Compared to past IPC analyses, this is the highest proportion of the population to need emergency humanitarian assistance during the post-harvest period, and the first time no area is classified in Minimal (IPC Phase 1).",3
3730,"Egyptians have been hit with the worst inflation in a decade, cutting spending as much as possible as prices surge by over 30 percent on basic food items, transport, housing, and even some essential medicines.",10
5293,"• In 12 out of 23 regions of the country, the GAM prevalence is over the WHO emergency threshold of 15%. This is the highest number of regions in emergency compared to recent crisis years of 2012 and 2015, where 9 and 7 regions, respectively, had prevalence above WHO emergency threshold. More than 610,000 children suffer from GAM, with 200,000 among severe cases.",3
11804,"More than one million children aged 0 to 5 still remain unregistered, despite improvements in birth registration coverage to almost 80 per cent in 2014.An estimated 20% of children and adolescents work, with half under the minimum working age and with the highest prevalence in Shan State.",9
7670,"The affected appealed to the authorities and humanitarian organisations to speed up their relief because they are living in the open without shelter, cover or food.  ",3
10602,"The situation has been made dire with the loss of livelihood sources and the prevailing insecurity situation (that hinders free engagement in livelihood activities). Coping strategies by the affected communities are dependence on relief from the county government, well-wishers and non-state actors. As a result of the crisis, essential non-food items urgently needed by the affected are blankets, mattresses; kitchen sets/cooking utensils and mosquito nets.",5
8244,"Humanitarian response and coordination: Immediately following the earthquake a GDACS RED Alert was issued and, FCSS as the INSARAG Secretariat and managing the UNDAC system, consulted with OCHA colleagues in the region, in Iran and Iraq, and CRD. FCSS has opened a topic in the OCHA Virtual OSOCC, activating the USAR Community. Some 20 teams are monitoring the situation and the UNDAC mechanism has been activated for immediate deployment. The WHO global EMTs network is alerted and also monitoring the situation. UNOSAT has activated the space charter for mapping support.",9
10348,"Presently the Liberian Government, through the office of the local authorities, is calling on national and international partners organizations to help cover the gaps in humanitarian assistance by providing the following services to the affected populations: 1. Food items 2. Non-Food items 3. Provision of safe drinking water The storms/floods have destroyed a total of 311 houses and a school building. The affected communities are lacking the means to repair their damaged homes. They are in dire need of food and non-food items to help restore their normal livelihood activities.",11
2767,"Crimes against humanity have been perpetrated in Eritrea for decades, but until recently have attracted very little attention around the globe. This began to change over the last few years, above all with the UN’s establishment of a special committee to investigate human rights violations in Eritrea. Reports published by the committee, along with those from various international organizations and states, have revealed the severity of the situation.",9
4633,"Al-Shabaab is facing a new military campaign launched by Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, the president of Somalia, and supported by the US.   Hussein said the extremists used local populations as a human shield because they wanted to ensure towns remained “safe havens for al-Shabaab militant leaders”.  “They do not want people to move out because they are worried that there could be an airstrike if the civilians leave,” he added.",9
10968,"In Kunduz Province, more than 1,400 people have been displaced to the provincial capital due to the ongoing drought, where they requested humanitarian assistance. The nearly 2,900 people who were displaced from Badghis Province to Hirat City, Hirat, two weeks ago due to the drought received food rations, emergency shelter and household items. The drought has reached vast parts of the country and could put one million people in need of humanitarian assistance in the coming months.",11
10618,The people are in need of basic (primary) health services along with provision of medicines free of cost.,4
9057,"During the security operations which followed the 9 October attacks, strict new conditions were imposed on Muslim fishermen, reducing the numbers of consecutive days they could spend at sea from ten down to three. The new rules have been enforced in an ad hoc manner. In Sin Tet Maw Muslim IDP camp and in the neighbouring Muslim village in Pauktaw Township, the new rules are having a devastating impact. When OCHA recently visited the area, a large number of fishing boats were floating idle just offshore.Kaman IDPs in Sin Tet Maw are originally from Kyaukpyu, where they made a living from fishing prior to 2012. The fishermen say three days (two nights) are not sufficient to reach their normal fishing areas and return with enough fish to cover their expenses. There have been reports of bribes being requested for longer fishing permits but in some cases the fishermen have simply stopped going altogether, drastically reducing the funds available for their families’ education and medical expenses. They complain that they are being unfairly punished for events that happened far away in northern Rakhine.",5
9926,Map of nutrition situation in Somalia and trends in GAM,8
8268,"35,000 litres of chemicals have been purchased and distributed to spray the affected areas. The districts affected include Maji, Kaffa, Sheka, South Omo, Gamo Gofa, and Wolaita. ",3
8951,"In order to address the worsening situation, and taking into account the key employment opportunities provided by the agricultural sector for rural and coastal communities, the following initiatives are recommended:  1)Urgently provide food and cash-based life-saving assistance to the most vulnerable groups, prioritising malnourished children under five and pregnant and lactating women. 2) Support recovery of livelihoods, especially for agriculture and fishing dependent communities. In particular, support backyard income generating activities and food production to complement, enrich and diversify food intake of severely food insecure and internally displaced person (IDP) households. 3) Manage the threat of locusts by continuing to support local authorities through the provision of equipment and capacity building efforts critical to containing the locust spread. Moreover, the international community needs to take swift action to prevent the food security situation from worsening in Yemen and consider lifting the restriction on food and non-food imports.",4
11676,"the incidence of poverty is estimated at 36.3% in Kassala State and 50.1% in Gedarif State;Lack of employment opportunities, the relative isolation, and the lack of government control have also contributed to youth taking part in various illegal activities, including smuggling, arms trade, and human traffickingThe high incidence of poverty among border communities (60.9% in Gedarif and 64.9% in Kassala) can be attributed to the deterioration of agricultural and pastoral sectors during the last few decades, to armed conflicts and insecurity, to the limited opportunities outside the agricultural sector, to the structural problems of traditional production methods and techniques, and to the population’s poor access to adequate social services.",1
11201,Sanitation conditions are deteriorating at evacuation centres and in communities hosting the largest number of displaced families. Reports of increased diarrhea cases and of acute watery diarrhea highlight the need to scale up sanitation responses as well as camp management responses.,11
93,"Rise of water levels in the various rivers in the northern part of the country due to heavy rainfalls as well as water flow from the upstream hills in India have led to the inundation of the river basin areas in the northern parts of Bangladesh. After the devastating flood of July, second time monsoon flood started on 12 August affecting 22 districts named Dinajpur, Nilphamari, Lalmonirhat, Thakurgaon, Kurigram, Panchagarh, Gaibandha, Sirajganj, Jamalpur, Bogra, Rajbari, Faridpur, Netrokona, Brahmanbaria, Rangpur, Joypurhat, Mymensing, Sunamganj, Sylhet, Khagrachhari, Jessore and Rangamati. Rising water overflow and breeched embankment in many places. It disrupted people’s normal life. 777 union of 122 upazilas under 22 districts are affected and 5002 villages affected. Total 3,326,864 people of 870,052 households affected, 47,875 houses fully and 137,277 houses partially damaged. Total 54 people died. 558,149 hectare agricultural land inundated, 3529 educational institution closed, 1155 km road, 47 bridge and 153 km of embankment damaged.",10
8740,"The ongoing socio-political crisis, displacements, disruption of livelihood activities and the deterioration of the economy remain the key drivers of food insecurity in Burundi. ",3
9794,"In the aftermath of the killing of a Hamas member on 24 March in Gaza City by unknown assailants, the Palestinian de facto authorities in Gaza are imposing new access restrictions, citing security reasons, which are negatively impacting already vulnerable sectors in Gaza. These restrictions are taking place before the upcoming Israeli national and religious holidays when the opening hours of the Israeli-controlled passenger and goods crossings are normally reduced.",9
1617,"According to MoPHP (10 February 2018), there are 1,032 probable diphtheria cases, including 64 associated deaths, in 161 districts among 20 governorates. • The most affected governorates are Ibb (407) and Al Hudaydah (133) Case Fatality Ratio (CFR) is 6.1%. Children under the 5 years of age represent 30 % of probable cases and 47 % of deaths.",4
7603,"Rakhine has the highest poverty rate in the country (78 per cent, compared to 37.5 per cent nationally) according to a November 2014 report by the World Bank entitled “Myanmar: Ending Poverty and Boosting Shared Prosperity in a Time of Transition”. Myanmar remains one of the 36 countries worldwide that have the highest burden of chronic malnutrition (or stunting, defined as height-for-age < –2 standard deviations of the WHO Child Growth Standards median). A survey carried out in 2015-2016 by the Ministry of Health and Sports indicated that Rakhine State had the highest rate of global acute malnutrition (GAM, defined as weight-for-height < –2 standard deviations of the WHO Child Growth Standards median) in the country. Humanitarian organizations working in the Nutrition Sector in Rakhine indicate that acute malnutrition rates are particularly high in Maungdaw and Buthidaung townships, where they are above WHO emergency thresholds. Chin State has the highest rate of chronic malnutrition in the country (above WHO critical threshold) closely followed by Kayah and Rakhine States. ",8
4171,"Food security and nutrition improvements are the result of increased food availability from the Deyr harvest and some milk production, as well as consistent, large-scale humanitarian assistance. Since post-Deyr data collection in December, it is expected that access to milk and food stocks have seasonally declined, though not significantly enough to change food security outcomes. Furthermore, the continuation of humanitarian assistance is supporting similar outcomes as observed in December. Minimal (IPC Phase 1) and Stressed (IPC Phase 2) outcomes exist in most southern regions, though Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes exist in Bay/Bakool Low Potential, Southern Rainfed, and Hiraan Southern Agropastoral livelihood zones. More severe outcomes exist in central and northern areas, where Crisis (IPC Phase 3) is widespread and humanitarian assistance is preventing more extreme outcomes in wide areas of Guban, Addun, Hawd, and Northern Inland Pastoral livelihood zones.",3
9018,"Training programme has been pursued for the physicians, nurses and community health workers on the treatment of acute watery diarrhoea (AWD) and preparation for possible cholera cases. Eight functioning primary health care (PHC) clinics are being supported in the camps. A further nine health care clinics are planned. The UNICEF health and child protection sections are working closely with health sector partners in gender based violence (GBV) related concerns to strengthen the referral pathways.",4
4938,"Damage to the Port of Nuevitas in Camagüey Province, the second largest maritime terminal in the country that has benefitted from significant investment during the last ten years, has been reported. In particular, Hurricane Irma seriously affected roofing, warehouses, and product loaders as well as infrastructure related to the storage and distribution of fuel. Damage to facilities belonging to the wholesale collection system of farming products, as well as to storage and transportation infrastructure for inputs, food, and other key products in the most impacted provinces, is still being assessed",6
3180,"Tropical Cyclone ENAWO continued moving west south-west over the south-western Indian Ocean and towards north-eastern Madagascar, strengthening. On 7 March at 6.00 UTC, its centre was located approx. 50 km north-east of Antalaha city (Antsiranana Province) and had max. sustained wind speed of 231 km/h.On 7 March morning (UTC), it is forecast to continue moving west south-west and make landfall close to Antalaha city as an intense Tropical Cyclone with max. sustained winds of 220 - 230 km/h. Heavy rain, storm surge and strong winds may affect the north-eastern and central-eastern areas of the country. JRC estimations indicate a max. storm surge height of 1.3 m along the coast of Helodrano Antongila Bay, on 7 March at 13.00 UTC.As of 7 March at 7.00 UTC, Meteo Madagascar has issued a Red Alert in several areas of Diana, Sava, Sofia, Analanjirofo, Alaotra-Mangoro, Atsinanana regions.",10
10555," Further, an outbreak of cholera in Borno State occurred with 4 114 cases reported by the end of September, of which some 52 were fatal. ",4
10854,"Despite the travel restriction therefore, traders from other markets seem to have been drawn to the potential for profit and set up stalls around the ‘megacamp’ in Kutupalong in particular. Markets in Teknaf seem to be experiencing less demand increase compared to Ukhiya however, with traders in Roikkom, Unchiprang Station and Whykong reporting majority decrease in sales due to direct re-sale/barter of humanitarian assistance between host communities and refugee",1
1392,"In November, IOM raised eyebrows when it reported that just 1,525 migrants had been recorded moving north towards the borders – a massive drop compared to 12,600 the month before.Except the 1,525 was wrong. A “technical problem” with a database had produced the incorrect figure, according to Monica Chiriac, a spokeswoman for IOM’s Niger office. In fact, IOM had recorded nearly 11,500 migrants heading for the Libyan and Algerian borders in November, a figure that only represented a small drop compared to October. ",9
6722,"1,09 0 ,000 newly displaced people are in need of Shelter/NFI assistance. The majority of the displacement is to Baidoa and Mog adishu. The displaced families a re confronted with the need of shelter and other household non - food items",10
10947,"The UN said (15 January) it remains concerned over the hostilities in the besieged enclave of eastern Ghouta. The increased fighting has resulted in civilian deaths and injuries and impacted many of the 400,000 people besieged inside the area. Shelling reportedly resulted in restricted movement between towns, the suspension of school exams and limited access to local markets. At the same time, mortar attacks continue to be reported on eastern neighbourhoods in Damascus, causing injuries among civilians.",2
2255,"Camps/camp-like settings The most commonly reported health problem continued to be malaria with 48 per cent people in displacement sites reporting it, followed by cough in 17.5 per cent, fever in 17 per cent and diarrhea by 11 per cent of sites. Similarly, malaria was the most common aliment among 45 per cent of displaced people living with host community, followed by fever (22%), cough (12.5%) and diarrhea (9%). Only 4 per cent had access to no medical facility.Host Communities:59 per cent of IDPs living with host communities said they had regular access to medicine and 96 per cent said they had access to a health facility. For 45 per cent of them, the health facility was on site and within three km. For 28 per cent, it was off-site but within a distance of three km. 3 per cent of people said they had access to mobile clinics but 3.5 per cent said they had no access to medical facilities.",4
2123,While in the corregimiento of Carreto are registered damages in 10 houses but it is estimated that the gale could affect to another 20 houses. In this population there is a report of fallen trees and nets.,7
7218,"These losses could result in an increase in acute malnutrition in the coming months as food insecurity and high incidence of infectious diseases, especially diarrhea, represent the main contributors of malnutrition. Prior to Hurricane Matthew, Grand’Anse, Nippes and Sud departments had some of the country’s highest prevalence of acute and chronic malnutrition. Services for the treatment of acute malnutrition are no longer available in some of the affected areas. In 2017, countrywide, 15,145 children under 5 will face severe acute malnutrition (SAM), while 73,140 will face moderate acute malnutrition (MAM). Furthermore, an estimated 61,640 pregnant and lactating women and 86,295 children under 2 will require preventive actions, particularly in the departments affected by the hurricane.",0
1253,"287 Affected Districts in 21 governates.   case attack rate of 88.6 per 10,000. 0.6% case fatality rate.  47% cases are in children under 18.  As of 02 July 2017, 262,650 suspected cholera cases and 1,587 deaths have been reported in all governorates except Socotra island.The four most affected governorates are Amanat Al Asimah, Al Hudaydah, Hajjah and Amran.",4
3192," Below-average rainfall since late February has resulted in moisture deficits throughout many parts of southern South Sudan, Uganda, Kenya, Ethiopia, Somalia, and northern Tanzania.",0
2770,"Near average national maize supplies should ensure adequate household food availability for all wealth groups during the June 2016 to January 2017 period, except for a few localized areas in the north and south that faced shocks this season. Households started accessing food from their own production in March/April and are expected to be able to continue consuming own produced food up to the October to January period and some households even to the end of the consumption season in March 2018.  ",3
1415,"Critical civilian infrastructure has been damaged, including near Avdiivka, where power lines have been destroyed, disrupting water, electricity and heating supplies. Gas and electricity supplies were also reported to have been affected in Makiivka and other areas under the control of armed groups, including Irmino and parts of Donetsk.",7
58,"With Sao Tome heavily dependent on food imports, food availability is unpredictable: there is no deep sea port; in bad weather, landing is difficult on the country’s one short airstrip. No cereals are cultivated on the island. The country is prone to natural disasters such as floods and landslides, which negatively affect crops and road access as well as destroy houses and household assets.",3
1970,"Shawa pointed out that the farmers’ only available option is the use of generators but that this will increase the production cost, which would lead consumers to cut their purchases and farmers to uproot a large number of crops that need water in order to save other crops that are more economically feasible. “Desertification will happen if the crisis perpetuates,” he said. ",3
11846,Reports have emerged of how al Shabaab militants in Somalia are extorting huge sums from starving communities.,9
1778,"978,000 People in Madagascar Requiring Emergency Assistance. Approximately 973,700 people faced food insecurity in southern Madagascar. ",5
238,"In Kenya, security forces forcibly disappeared at least 34 people over the past two years during counterterrorism operations in northeastern Kenya and Nairobi.  In May, a Kenyan court declared a section of the Information and Communications Act that police had used to arrest and charge journalists unconstitutional.",9
2391,"We have no way of saying how many people are held in clandestine prisons, but kidnapping migrants and refugees, and using torture to obtain ransoms is not only widespread but it’s probably increasing. It replaces incomes from local economies impacted by the lack of cash in Libyan banks. Those who survive the clandestine prisons are financially, physically and mentally ruined and, if it’s ever going to be possible, they need time and support to recover.",9
2523,"Conflict and insecurity has meant that arable lands in some foodproducing areas cannot be accessed and that, even when crops can be grown, an inadequate transportation infrastructure prevents efficient access to markets. The high prices of agriculture inputs and products have reduced purchasing power at the household level. This has reinforced and exacerbated chronic vulnerabilities such as poverty and unemployment among significant segments of the population. This is particularly relevant in rural areas",5
4149,"Documentation 31.9% (54,774 individuals) of the returnees interviewed reported having Haitian Documentation, while 1.7% (2,998 individuals) reported having Dominican documentation. A reported 66.4% (113,977 individuals) did not possess any type of documentation.  ",9
710,"Medical facilities have been destroyed, with grave consequences for health.  “HIV, instead of being limited to marginal groups, such as sex workers or drug users, it’s now mainstreaming throughout the population. You also have, which should be a huge concern for all of Europe, you have multidrug resistant tuberculosis, extremely multidrug resistant tuberculosis,” Neal Walker, the United Nations’ resident coordinator in Ukraine, told VOA in an interview.",2
7715,"'If you're a Guatemalan who is considering paying a great deal of money to a coyote (smuggler) to bring you to the United States, you'll be wasting your money,' Kelly said at a Guatemalan Air Force base where 347 deportees earlier arrived on a flight.  ",1
9990,"From 27 April to 29 July 2017, 425,192 suspected cholera cases and 1,895 deaths (CFR: 0.4%) have been reported in 91.3% (21/23) of Yemen governorates, and 88.9% (296/333) of the districts",4
3164,"Mohamed pointed out that the state government fears that fighting could erupt at any time among the refugees. Ahmed added that the refugees are also accommodated in an area near oil fields, which he said is dangerous for them. ",9
8310,The current structural capacities of the camps in Damboa are not able to contain all the IDPs. Multiple families are living inside one shelter. The newcomers do not always manage to find spaces where to stay,10
9895,"Last month, students from Gaza who need to exit the Strip to reach university programs abroad held demonstrations near the crossing. This week, many of them managed to leave the Strip via Egypt, and onwards from there to their prospective campuses.Along with others who requested to exit the Strip to seek medical treatment unavailable in Gaza, visit family, or travel to business meetings, the passengers were gathered in a stadium nearby, where they boarded shuttles to the crossing. ",2
1230,"Meanwhile in Suwayda, a lack of basic services, staffing shortages and apathy about students’ prospects in a war-torn and economically struggling nation mean that “more…students are out of school than in,” says the principal. “We have a huge problem ahead of us to educate and prepare the next generation.”But so far, schools have not received enough mazot [diesel] fuel from the Suwayda Education Directorate for heating. The excuse last year was that there is not enough fuel available.",2
9478,"At least 150 people are believed to have died and an estimated 70 houses were destroyed following a landslide that ravaged the fishing village of Tora*, Ituri Province, during the night of 15-16 August. An estimated 280 children are today orphans, according to provincial and humanitarian sources.Search and rescue operations were ordered to cease by the Ituri Governor since neither the Congolese authorities nor humanitarian actors have the necessary equipment to excavate the dead bodies. There are fears that the water from the lake, used for drinking and other household needs, would become contaminated. The rapid assessment mission noted that the survivors were in need of both food and non-food items.",10
627,"“The recurring conflict really has a domino effect on the lives of the people,” explains Municipal Administrator Mastura Tapa. “As the conflict continues, the IDPs also have to continually return to evacuation centres. In these evacuation centres, of course, we first see that that they have no houses. There is also inadequate sanitation. And then aside from that, the conflict also has a psychological effect on the children.”",9
7421,"A roadside explosive killed a prominent opposition journalist for a US-backed media organization in rebel-held southern Syria on Monday, the second IED attack on a local member of the media in four days.",9
7667,"Mozambique’s National Emergency Operations Centre estimates that the cyclone displaced some 130,000 people in the hard-hit province of Inhambane and damaged or destroyed 22,000 homes, 49 hospitals and health facilities, 105 schools and other public buildings. Casualty figures remain unclear. Electricity is cut off in many areas, while roads are closed due to downed trees, debris and flooding. Heavy rains continue and worsening floods are anticipated.",2
10344,"Populations in Somalia continue to face Emergency and Crisis levels of acute food insecurity and require sustained humanitarian assistance through at least December 2017, according to FEWS NET and the Somalia Food Security and Nutrition Analysis Unit (FSNAU). Without continued emergency food assistance and an effective response to ongoing disease outbreaks, the risk of Famine persists, particularly in agro-pastoral areas of Bakool and Bay regions. Despite the rapid scale-up of humanitarian assistance in Bakool and Bay since January, many poor, inaccessible households are experiencing Emergency-level food insecurity, although access to food assistance is preventing Crisis-level households from deteriorating to Emergency levels, FEWS NET and FSNAU report. A food security and nutrition assessment following Somalia’s April-to-June gu rains is ongoing, with an updated estimate of the food-insecure population anticipated by late August. FEWS NET and FSNAU do not expect food security in Somalia to improve considerably prior to the January/February 2018 deyr harvest, and the outlook could worsen significantly if the October-toDecember deyr rains are below average",3
1164,"Madagascar’s southern regions have been heavily affected by a prolonged drought, aggravated by the effects of El Niño. According to the recently conducted IPC analysis, 850,000 people from the nine most drought-affected districts are severely food insecure (emergency and crisis phases) and in need of immediate food assistance. Another 128,000 people in IPC 2 phase (stressed), but residing in IPC 4 areas also require assistance, as the risk of deterioration of their food security status remains high.",8
8532,"Idelb governorate had the highest number of reported incidents with 40 incidents, followed by 17 incidents in Hama, 16 in Rural Damascus and 15 in Dar’a. As compared to 2016, when Aleppo had the highest number of reported incidents with 89 incidents, followed by Idleb with 32 incidents, Hama and Dar’a governorate",4
10450,"Even before Hurricane Matthew hit Haiti in October 2016, children were suffering from high levels of vulnerability due to the three-year El-Niño-induced drought, related food insecurity and malnutrition, and considerable child protection concerns. ",3
396,"The quake also damaged scores of buildings in remote mountainous villages near the epicenter, the town of Hojedk, about 1,100 kilometers (683 miles) southeast of the capital Tehran, the reports said. The town has a population of 3,000 and is frequently hit by quakes. It is home to farms and coal mines.",10
5502,"In the West Bank, the Israeli authorities demolished or seized 17 Palestinian-owned structures on grounds of lack of building permits, displacing 22 Palestinians and affecting the livelihoods of over 90. Five of these structures were in East Jerusalem and the remaining 13 structures were in five communities in Area C. Additionally, in the Jabal al Mukabber area of East Jerusalem, the family home of the perpetrator of an attack in January 2017, which killed four Israeli soldiers, was punitively sealed displacing a woman and her four children.",10
9924,"Turkey announced a new school curriculum on Tuesday that excluded Charles Darwin's theory of evolution, feeding opposition fears President Tayyip Erdogan is subverting the republic's secular foundations.",9
8752,"Crisis (IPC Phase 3) acute food insecurity will persist in the Diffa region until September 2017. The persistent security crisis has severely reduced food and income access for poor households and has resulted in the displacement of many households that are now dependent on humanitarian aid. In some parts of the region, humanitarian access difficulties result in inadequate aid coverage and inadequate food availability that are likely to worsen nutritional outcomes over the coming months.",3
10837,"The caseload of acute watery diarrhoea (AWD) remains low in Red Sea and Central Darfur states. UNICEF and partners are planning and focusing on scaling up the investment on prevention of AWD through increased behavioural change engagement, increased access to improved water resources, improved access to primary health care services, as well as strengthening capacity development of partners and service providers. ",4
4932,"Flooding has had an impact on 24 of Peru’s departments at the national level, particularly in the affected zones; currently, 72,115 people’s homes have been affected, 62 people have perished and 170 people have been injured.",5
9431,"In north-central Madagascar, where normally 20 percent of national rice production is harvested, was only 50 percent cropped and received only 40 percent of average rainfall during the growing season. Rice production in the Southeast Highlands and Southwest was fairly good, though production was reduced by 10-30 percent in the Southeast. Overall national production is expected to be 3.2 MT (5 year average is 4 MT). Maize production in the South will be below average (only 50 percent of land was planted), though better than last year, despite good rains, due to lack of appropriate seeds during the cropping season, and damage from pests. Cassava production is expected to be average. Locusts may affect pulses and sweet potato production in the South.",3
1107,"The lack of electricity and regular supply of water to the population is mainly reported in the central and western territories. There are some territories that have remained without electricity for five days. Yuri Camilo Viamontes Lazo, Deputy Minister of Energy and Mines, explained that Hurricane Irma caused significant damage in 100% of the thermoelectric plants located along the northern coast of the country and, to a lesser extent, in two plants along the southern coast. The most serious situation is reported in the Central Region of the Island.Inés María Chapman, President of the National Institute of Hydraulic Resources, pointed out that the most severe damage to the public water supply is reported from the province of Las Tunas to Havana. In the west, the greatest impact is concentrated in Havana.",7
5116,"Francisco Valencia, head of Codevida, remarked that the crisis is caused by both the lack of foreign currency to import medicines and the fact that Venezuela isn’t producing any of them.",4
8124,"The security situation in the Abyei Area is generally calm; however, in the absence of progress in the implementation of the 20 June 2011 Agreement and discussions on the final status of the territory, intercommunal tensions and the proliferation of arms present a continued risk.",9
4433,"Local populations face important protection risks amid limited access to public services, documentation, shelter, water, education and food security.",1
1670,"Among IDPs who intended to remain in their areas of displacement, the most commonly reported reasons for doing so were lack of a safe route elsewhere and lack of money to move a second time.",9
4473,"• Food remains frequently available to purchase from basic markets within or nearby to sites. Additionally, standard food baskets are reaching many IDPs across northeast Syria. Assistance is greatly needed in Maadan/Sabka, where markets are not functioning, IDPs are eating only one meal per day and the security situation has prevented food distributions.",3
7779,"UNMAS Libya is committed to strengthening the ability of Libyan National Security Institutions to remove the deadly items left behind by armed conflict, to ensure greater access to basic services and humanitarian assistance for people in need. In the longer-term, such activities will enable and facilitate stabilization and development initiatives for Libya.",9
6518,Governor John Mruttu has urged Taita Taveta residents to sell some of their livestock to save them from being ravaged by drought that has hit most parts of the county. ,5
7653,"Humanitarian aid including medicines and food, had to be provided, roads reopened and electricity and drinking water reconnected for the 100,000 people living in the town and surrounding area, he said. These were ordinary Libyans who were suffering through no fault of their own, he said, and they needed the active support of the authorities.",7
3351,Acute watery diarrhoea (AWD) Ethiopia- 40 457 cases* - 817 deaths  2.0% cfr *Counts reported are for 2017 YTD. Of 491 new cases reported in week 31. The recent resurgence is predominantly occurring in the northwest regions of Amhara (194 cases) and Tigray (182 cases) this past week. A detailed update was provided in the week 32 bulletin. 06-Aug-17,4
2949,"Measles: As of 22 Aug.17, 30,211 suspected csaes, 449 confirmed cases, 370 deaths (1.2% CFR).The incidence of new cases has declined since the current outbreak peaked in early 2017.",4
10982,"More than 11,000 people have been affected by floods since the beginning of the rainy season in June, primarily in the north. As of 27 September, 3 deaths have been reported (Segou region), more than 1,200 houses destroyed and over 500 damaged. Pastoral communities have been particularly affected, with 26,000 animals lost—an extreme increase from 1,352 in 2016. The Timbuktu region has suffered the greatest impact, with two thirds of the overall number of affected people and almost all of the lost animals.",10
4011,"A nutrition crisis, exacerbated by continuing violence, instability and displacement in Mali, is threatening the lives and futures of thousands of children in the West African country, UNICEF warned today.",8
1645,"Although children are generally receiving different types of vaccine antigens, this coverage is on several levels partial rather than comprehensive. In fact, the coverage for all antigens was found to be in poor synchrony with both the required amount of dosages and the immunisation schedule. While specific coverage did not coincide and fall in the expected age groups defined by the immunisation schedule, the oldest age group (above 18 months) almost always exhibited an increase in antigen coverage. There is a real concern however, with regard to the completeness of the acquired immunity. The multiple dosages of any specific antigen are imperative for the immune system to develop proper long-lasting memory cells (Banatvala, 2000). There is an alarming proportion of children above 18 months of age (age after which the probability of routine vaccination significantly drops) who have not received the minimum required dosages of different vaccine antigens, highlighting an increased susceptibility to contract and spread infections as they grow older.",4
4235,"Due to the floods, more than 40% of the affected population have had water entering from 1 meter to 1.5 meters in their homes, which has generated an impact on household items, as well as on people's livelihoods who work informally. Part of the income sources of the population is being evaluated, but mainly it is informal work. The main economic activities in the city are construction, trade, and stalls selling clothing",5
7343,"Homeless people 1,985 Affected health institutions 5 Affected Schools 74 Homesteads damaged 2,579 Fatalities 246 Dams Breached 70",4
5315,"559,251 children affected 1,716,019 people affected 159 deaths 55,182 collapsed/uninhabitable houses 347,633 affected houses 307 collapsed/uninhabitable schools 2,915 affected schools 61 collapsed/uninhabitable health facilities  ",1
9113,"On 6 September, a medical professional working at al-Jalaa Hospital in Benghazi was stabbed by an alleged LNA affiliate. The suspected perpetrator was reportedly taken for questioning by the Military Police. The University Hospital in Sabratah was hit by shells twice, on 19 and 21 September, causing damage to the emergency and surgery units and rendering them un-operational. The World Heritage Archaeological Site of Sabratha was also hit by bullets.",1
2431,"The conflict has continued to spread and intensify, while fragmenting and reactivating interethnic tensions. Based on UNICEF monitoring reports, there have been 22 attacks allegedly perpetrated by Kamuina Nsapu militia groups in the last month, representing a sharp increase of up to 50 attacks since the beginning of the conflict in August 2016.",9
125,"Zeid said his office received reports of defectors carrying poison. In one incident, a family of five reportedly committed suicide after being caught, likely due to fears as to what would happen on their return to North Korea.",9
7904,People from the Arando village are moving towards safer areas and reports are coming in of heavy livestock losses as scores of animals trapped under the snow.,1
3583,"This morning, 8th September 2017 at 09:56, there is a power supply incident in Luhansk oblast affecting Government Controlled Areas (GCA), due to the damaged powerline. According to LEO, the Luhansk Thermal Power Plant (belongs to DTEK) had an incident, resulting in 220 kV power line getting damaged. The most populated part of Luhansk oblast Government Controlled Areas (GCA) is cut off from electricity, which stopping piped water supplies to GCA, and also stop water pumps to the Karbonit system that serves towns in Non-Government Controlled Areas (NGCA).",7
3348,".The Karamojong region in northeastern Uganda is the most marginalized and vulnerable region in the country. Home to cattle-herding nomads, Karamojong has been trapped in a cycle of conflict for generations as warriors have battled the government—and each other—for cattle and survival.  Droughts have increased in severity and frequency over the years, leading to chronic food insecurity and widespread economic hardships in the region, just like in many other districts in the arid and semi-arid areas of the country. Prolonged droughts have led to drying of crops and grasses for animals that form the basis for the region’s livelihood.",5
2401,"Fuel shipments going through Afrin district halted, resulting in an increase in fuel prices in Afrin district and in north-western Syria. The provision of water through the network stopped since 27 January, allegedly due to the ai rstrikes near the 17th of April dam. Civilians in the town are relying on water trucks to meet their water needs. The lack of fuel in the district has reportedly raised the price 1,000 liters of water from 1,200 SYP to 2,500 SYP.",7
3597,"In Diffa, where access to healthcare has been hampered – in particular by insecurity – the lack of adequate water, sanitation, and hygiene infrastructure has an even greater impact on the health situation. Several sites within the displaced camps and communities do not have an adequate supply of drinking water, leaving some of the needs of the most vulnerable populations unmet. In addition, there is a lack of latrines, and those that are in place are in poor condition.  From the experience of other hepatitis E outbreaks in Africa, the outbreak in Diffa could last for several more months. The number of suspected cases may increase further with the arrival of the rainy season, usually from June to September.“Given the scarcity of water for the most vulnerable populations, the risk is that alternative water sources that can spread the outbreak will be used, such as the supply from streams and other natural water points formed by accumulated rain water. These collection points are considered as potential vectors of the disease,” explains Audace Ntezukobagira, emergency coordinator for MSF in Diffa.  “It is also important to take into account that these people do not have the material or financial means to stock up on wood or gas to boil the water in order to make it suitable for consumption.”",4
1441," A total of 29 municipalities/cities experienced power interruption due to STS Tembin. This includes current Action Against Hunger sites such as Marawi City, and Piagapo. ",7
420,"Backlog of 12,000 refugee children for late birth registration Some parents take too long to collect their birth certificates despite ongoing sensitization Child friendly spaces lack materials for child play Lack of interest among the community in voluntarily taking in UACs and providing parental care. Increased number of child neglect cases due to irresponsibility of parents.",9
6947,"Renewed inter-communal violence along the borders of Gedeo (SNNPR) and West Guji (Oromia region) zones on 3 June displaced an estimated 40,000 people in Gedeo zone and more than 28,000 people in West Guji zone. Some 274,5481 people were already displaced in Gedeo and at least 84,000 people in West Guji from the previous waves of violence since April 2018. ",9
6111,"A significant increase in suspected diphtheria cases has recently been reported in Yemen between epidemiological week no 33 and 44. A total number of 118 suspected cases including 10 deaths (CFR: 8.5%), were reported in 10 governorates of the country. Majority of these cases– about 103 were reported from Ibb governorate, including 9 associated deaths (CFR: 8.7%).",4
632,"While sanitation issueswere not amajorissue twoweeks ago, they have become increasingly common. In some areas, digging of tunnels and trenches has destroyed sewage systems, while rats and pests are reportedly prevalent in some neighbourhoods.",11
11395,"Protests were expected as a political dialogue launched on 1 September had failed to agree on what to do about the delay. This has accentuated the risk of violent popular anger in urban centres and of a heavy-handed security response. A risk also remains that political parties, including the ruling majority coalition (henceforth “the majority”) and the opposition that looks to the street to force President Joseph Kabila to step down, will seek to manipulate that anger. Depending on loosely organised popular revolts to force political change is a tactic that could spiral out of control. To prevent more violence, Congo’s partners need to use diplomatic and financial tools to focus the actors, particularly the majority, on the need to move rapidly to credible elections. They also need to use their leverage and public positions to minimise violence while the political blockage continues.",9
11184,"Destruction of property and livelihood assets: Approximately 100 houses were burned in Marka and surrounding villages, in addition to looting and killing of livestock. Kidnapping and abductions: Between 21-23 May, around 70 individuals, were reported to have been abducted in the region, including 10 children from a public school in Canbanane, Marka district . This number is expected to increase with new checkpoints being set up and intensified raids on villages in the region, particular ly in Canbanane, Janale and Gendawe (Marka district), Mubarak (Aw Dhegle district), and Km 50 (Afgoye district). ",5
351,"The UN aid chief says Yemen could become the worst humanitarian disaster in 50 years. The war is having a devastating impact, with widespread food shortages and a major cholera outbreak.",3
2559,Cholera - Angola also reporting a considerable reduction in cases,4
9425,"The Food Security Working Group has identified the following needs: ongoing in-kind or cash-based food assistance, improving access to water, health and education services, support or assistance to households with children under the age of two suffering from acute malnutrition, incentives to restore productive systems and livelihoods, and reinforcing early-warning mechanism",11
5066,Schools continued to be used as collective shelters in some parts of Grand’Anse and Les Cayes affecting the education of children,2
1200,"The cost of diesel fuel has doubled in just over one month, jeopardizing the provision of water, particularly for the poorest families. Water pumping stations serving over 3 million people via public networks in 14 cities are quickly running out of fuel. Prices of commercially trucked water – a main source for one fifth of Yemen’s population have skyrocketed. On average, they have doubled while in some locations they increased six-fold. “For over two thirds of Yemenis living in extreme poverty, safe water is now completely unaffordable,” added Cappelaere.",7
3832,"Psycho-social needs and trauma suffered by the IDPs and for those who remain are a key concern. It is increasingly reported that the psychological trauma affecting boys, girls, men, and women is being compounded by their experience while fleeing from these areas and the difficult situation in camps – particularly as related to the screening and sponsorship processes. Protection actors responding in the area have indicated that both IDPs and local communities reportedly suffer from mental health needs related to the exposure to conflict and displacement, and noted an increase in the use of drugs among the youth (e.g. Captagon).",9
4185,"Another two massive airlifts arrived in Bangladesh last week carrying 26,500 kitchen sets, some 15,000 solar lamps and five pre-fabricated warehouses. Since the beginning of the crisis, UNHCR has organised 17 airlifts, bring more than 2,100 metric tons of aid relief items, worth over US$9 million. Additional aid was shipped by sea in three separate consignments.",7
8319,"A second wave of cholera outbreaks started in Garissa County on 2 April 2017 and was reported later in nine other counties including Nairobi, Murang’a, Vihiga, Mombasa, Turkana, Kericho, Nakuru, Kiambu, and Narok. The outbreak is being reported in the general population and in refugee camps. In Garissa County, the outbreak is affecting mainly Dadaab refugee camps and cases and deaths are being reported from Hagadera, Dagahaleh, and IFO2 camps. In Turkana county, the disease is also affecting Kakuma and Kalobeyei refugee camps.",4
4680,Nigeria Islamist militant group Boko Haram has said it was behind Monday's twin suicide bombing at a university in north eastern Nigeria which killed two people.,9
301,"The authorities want the displaced living in and around the school buildings to be relocated before classes resume, and their future remains uncertain.",10
9015,"By end of the 3rd Quarter 2014, out of 109 reported public hospitals [MoH & MoHE], 43% (47) hospitals are damaged (12% fully damaged while 31% partially damaged), and 57% (62) are intact. The hospitals reported damaged (fully or partially), are in 11 out of a total 14 governorates.",4
9609,"On 10 November, the Israel military blocked, through the end of the reporting period, three of the four dirt roads connecting 12 communities in southern Hebron (Massafer Yatta) to the rest of the West Bank. As a result, some 1,400 Palestinians have been forced to rely on long detours, disrupting their access to services and livelihoods. This area has been designated as ‘firing zone’ for military training, placing the residents at risk of forcible transfer.",9
8391,"Concerns for the newly displaced persons include lack of access to food security and nutrition, basic household items, WASH facilities, shelter, health, psychosocial support (PSS), gender and protection issues and the need for Restoring Family Links (RFL) services.  ",3
5380,"There are tensions, especially over refugees grazing their cattle on pastoral land. And if funding for refugees dries up, so that they are no longer seen as a way of improving conditions in a local village but rather as a drain upon them, things could worsen.",9
3408,"The vaccination campaign is supported by the Global Task Force on Cholera Control, Gavi the Vaccine Alliance, UNICEF and health partners in its various stages of planning and implementation. WHO is also providing support for the campaign in the areas of planning, organization and monitoring.",7
4290,"ince 2014, the government has urged public school directors to be lenient toward those who could not immediately pay fees. Now more IDP children are going to school, but they still face problems. According to Abbo Mahamat, a primary school head in Kousseri, “the IDP’s children are still traumatised, they are sometimes violent, fighting with other children, they have the lowest results of the school, and it is difficult for them to integrate with other children”. Assiata, a teacher in the same school, confirms: “I have 80 children in my classroom, including seven IDP children, none of the IDP children have got over eight out of 20 average marks, while the other children get between eleven and seventeen”. On this point, the regional education ministry delegate in Maroua told Crisis Group: “This is a general situation in the region. UNICEF has organised trainings for some school directors on how to deal with traumatised children, they have also distributed books to some of them. We hope things will change”.",4
9813,"Relief agencies report that Operation Olive Branch continued as of early March, resulting in civilian deaths, population displacement, and increasing humanitarian needs. The UN estimates that the GoT offensive had displaced an estimated 35,000–50,000 people from peripheral communities toward central areas of Afrin as of February 14, as well as caused additional displacement out of the district. Populations displaced by the offensive are residing with relatives and host communities; in public buildings, including mosques and schools; or informal settlements. Priority humanitarian needs among internally displaced persons (IDPs) include blankets, food, and health care services, the UN reports.",7
3991,"In Kenya, 303 suspected cases of cholera and three deaths have been reported since January. In Mombasa and Wajir counties, 832 cases of dengue fever (including one death) have been reported, with Mombasa being most affected. Other outbreaks reported inlcude 111 cases of kala azar with four related death in Marsabit and Wajir counties and 14 cases of measles in Dadaab refugee camp.",4
8517,"More than one thousand schools have been affected. 63% of them can be rehabilitated in a short term. ? Piura is the department most affected, with 115 uninhabitable and 408 affected schools. ? In Lima and Ancash 21 schools have been reported as collapsed. ? The Ministry of Education (M INEDU) is working to get more detailed information on the number of students and teachers affected. ? Since the number of displaced population is to increase, there is concern because schools are gradually occupied as shelters. This affects the continuity of educational services and prevents it from functioning as a vehicle to protect children",2
6455,"A suicide bomber attacked a crowded Sufi shrine in southern Pakistan on Thursday, killing at least 72 people and wounding dozens more in the deadliest of a wave of bombings across the South Asian nation this week. ",9
10936,"The number of new suspected cholera cases in 2017 represents a nearly 15.7 percent increase compared to the estimated 16,700 cases, including 460 related deaths, recorded during the same period in 2016. The weekly number of new reported cases remains high, with poor telecommunications infrastructure in some areas hindering surveillance and epidemiological data collection, according to the UN. Health actors are providing cholera treatment services at seven cholera treatment centers, five cholera treatment units, and 14 oral rehydration points across the country, but note that additional WASH interventions are required to adequately address the outbreak.",11
9097,"Many of the new arrivals are staying in schools, community centres and other community spaces. UNHCR is reinforcing existing systems for protection and service delivery. Camp capacity is overstretched, particularly in Nayapara. The shortage of WASH facilities has also raised the risk of the outbreak of diseases to which pregnant women, young children and the elderly are especially vulnerable.  ",1
7105,The situation has seen the enrolment of children in schools drop by 85 per cent.  Kapenguria MP Samuel Moroto said that schools in the area risk closure as the drought has paralysed learning.,2
9835,"Protection monitoring reports underline that protection incidents are increasing: from 192 reported cases in June to 210 in July and 232 in August, most of which are violations of the right to property. Cases of gender-based violence are also on the rise: from 151 cases reported in June to 186 in July. The majority of victims are displaced women and girls.",9
5439,"Overall food insecurity in the country is on the rise, with almost 1.6 million people (6 percent of the population) considered to be severely food insecure and 9.7 million people (34 percent of the population) being moderately food insecure. Continuing conflict, natural hazards and limited economic opportunities increase the vulnerability of the poorest households, such as subsistence farmers.",3
3970,"Turkish security forces on Nov. 7 held a total of 222 undocumented migrants in the eastern and northwestern provinces of Van and Edirne, according to security officials.  In Van, gendarmerie forces rounded up 151 foreign nationals who entered Turkey illegally, said a security official, who asked not to be named due to restrictions on talking to the media.  Another 71 migrants were also held in Edirne, as they were trying to illegally enter Greece and Bulgaria, another security official said.  The migrants, including Afghan, Syrian, Palestinian and Egyptian nationals, were found in the Orhaniye, Yenikad?n, Bosna and Sarayakp?nar villages of Edirne.  On Nov. 6, the Turkish Interior Ministry said that 3,670 undocumented migrants, including 943 in Turkish waters, were held while 135 suspects who allegedly aided them were detained during last week.  At least 166 undocumented migrants were held in the Central Anatolian province of Sivas and the Black Sea province of Kastamonu, while two bodies were recovered from the Aegean Sea on Nov. 3, according to a police source.",9
2257,"What has been uncovered is the fact that there are greater humanitarian needs in hard to access areas in the categories of WASH, shelter, access to health and markets, and education. Moreover those in hard to access areas are more likely to report issues of protection including gender based violence, forced marriage, eviction and unequal distribution of aid. When it came to GBV, men and women in hard to access areas were far more likely to mention that there was no way for women to report concerns of GBV, and if they were, that interventions were far more likely to be unsuccessful.",9
7350,"Haidari said that due to heavy snow storms and avalanches there is a high possibility of more avalanches, but that efforts are underway to deliver humanitarian aid to those in need.",10
8437,"Humanitarian exemptions embedded in the US- and EU-imposed restrictive measures should allow for the delivery of most pharmaceuticals to Syria—the exception being substances with alternate military uses. However, in practice, sanctions do impact the price and availability of cancer pharmaceuticals in Syria. Restrictive measures create a shortage of payment channels for imports by prohibiting transactions with Syria’s main financial institutions. At the same time, legal liability and steep penalties deter companies from exporting pharmaceuticals to Syria. ",4
9040,"Child protection and gender-based violence: A UNICEF, Ministry of Social Development (MoSD) and World Vision Lesotho joint rapid assessment covering six districts (Mokhotlong, Thaba Tseka, Qacha’s Nek, Mafeteng, Mohale’s Hoek and Quthing) found that 58 per cent of children are exposed to sexual violence while 52 per cent are subjected to neglect. Other protection issues, include an increase in child marriage, separated/unaccompanied children, child labor, increased levels of psychosocial distress, sexual exploitation at workplaces and human trafficking.",9
792,"PNG earthquake: A whole 'generation' of children at risk of missing out on schooling in devastated HighlandsBy Yara Murray-Atfield  A month after a huge deadly earthquake in Papua New Guinea, there are warnings that schools won't be able to reopen until next year, leaving traumatised children in limbo.  A month after a deadly magnitude-7.5 earthquake struck Papua New Guinea's Highlands, aid workers have warned that an entire 'generation' of children may miss out on a proper education.  The powerful February 26 earthquake and the aftershocks that followed have killed at least 125 people, and some of the region's most remote areas are still cut off from assistance.  Tremors have continued since the quake, causing distress for already grief-stricken families, while heavy rain and landslides have lashed the area.  'We saw trauma cases and crushed bones, we saw families whose children had been hurt by falling rocks,' Noreen Chambers from UNICEF told the ABC's Pacific Beat program.  'We also met a woman who had lost her entire family, her husband and seven kids, right before her eyes when there was a landslide and it swallowed up her entire family and she was so traumatised.'  Damage forces continued school closures  In Hela province, the damage to homes and infrastructure has been so bad early indications suggest schools will not be able to re-open at all this year.  While children aren't at school, many are living in cramped, makeshift care centres, where men, women and children share basic facilities.  Noreen Chambers said one of the schools she visited was only having half-day classes because the boys toilets had collapsed.  She said that even in the town, children were frightened to stay in school for long periods of time.  'Because there's still a lot of aftershocks and earth tremors they're experiencing every day, they have this fear factor that the big one is still coming, so they want to be at home with their parents,' she said.  Save the Children's Jennifer El-Sibai said that in addition to aid, a focus on the children's futures was essential.  'A lot of the attention has been on life-saving assistance, but the need to plan for education and what happens next has to happen now,' she said.  '[We must] make sure that's not ignored and we're not asking ourselves in a year's time, or two years' time, why this generation of kids hasn't been able to get back to school.'  Funding shortfalls evident even before quake  PNG's Department of Education faced an uneasy start to 2018 with funding shortfalls and a familiar pattern of teacher pay disputes.  Assistant Secretary for Policy and Planning, John Kawage, admitted the department was facing a monumental challenge.  He said although the government had a plan in place to rebuild infrastructure, there was no easy solution to get children back to school.  'The decision is not made but the likely decision is we'll request students to transfer to nearby schools to continue their education,' he said.  'Those who really cannot afford to find accommodation and shelter might go without the education for the rest of the year.'  Ms Chambers said most of the students affected by the quake would take a long time to be ready to return to learning, even if they had schools to go to.  'I think for most of them, they'll have to repeat their grades when they go back, so that means they'll be behind with their peers around the rest of the country,' she said.  'But at the same time — and this is just my own personal opinion — a lot of them will be too traumatised.'",2
11111,"Many displaced persons seeking shelter at a variety of protection sites in Wau have begun to return to their homes, but a majority remains fearful, citing security concerns at night and when farming their nearby lands.Between January and June this year, the number of displaced persons staying at the UNMISS protection site has gone down from 31,000 to approximately 20,000. A similar decrease of shelter-seeking people has been observed in other protection sites around town. Of the roughly 12,800 persons staying there in January, an estimated 9,700 remain there as of early June.Despite these significant numbers of returnees, many residential areas still appear to be relatively abandoned. Few people are seen, lots of brick and mud-made houses are still without roofs and the blue iron sheet doors of many a shop are kept shut by rust-corroded padlocks.Many displaced persons cite security concerns at night and a fear of accessing their farmlands on the outskirts of town as the main challenges hindering their return to their respective home areas.To enable the safe return of displaced people to their homes or new living quarters, various measures have been suggested. More police posts and presence of representatives of the national security service in the areas where those seeking shelter are expected to return are two such suggestions. Humanitarian actors providing food and basic services may also serve as incentives to resume or begin lives outside of protection sites.",10
9316,"A total of 2,429 AWD/cholera cases and 19 deaths (CFR– 0.8%) were reported during week 23 (5 th -11th June 2017) from 48 districts in 16 regions. Of these, 460 cases (19% of the total cases) were reported from Wadajir district in Banadir region. ",4
7826,"On 23 February 2018, the Ministry of Health issued a press release declaring a Cholera outbreak in the refugee settlements of Hoima and Kyegegwa Districts in the West and South West. There has been a massive cholera epidemic going on in Eastern Congo, and refugees arrive in a region in Uganda where cholera is endemic. In Hoima, as of 26 February 2018, 1056 suspected cases with 29 deaths had been reported. As of 27 February 2018, 39 suspected and confirmed cases and 2 deaths were reported in Kyaka. Choler",4
10203,"53% of active camps have functional solid waste management systems, 39% have functional drainage systems",11
1470,"Over 220,000 Palestinians living in 189 communities across the West Bank lack a permanent clinic and face critical challenges in accessing basic health services. These communities include, primarily, those located in Area C, in the Israelicontrolled parts of Hebron city (H2), and in the closed areas behind the Barrier (the Seam Zone). In many of these areas, the journey to the nearest clinic has lengthened because of the need to travel circuitous ways around settlements and barriers. Access to healthcare can be hampered by the unavailability or high costs of transportation, and in some communities, access to emergency services is challenging as even ambulances face delays",4
10511,"Reports continue to reach this station about attacks on returnees in the conflict-plagued western Sudanese region. Most recently, in the evening of Saturday April 21, gunmen on a Land Cruiser and others on camels attacked a group of voluntary returnees in North Darfur's Tawila locality.",9
963,"Congolese refugees in Rwanda said soldiers shot at them and wounded at least two people on Tuesday as the refugees tried to march out of their camp in protest at a cut in food rations.Refugees said around 2,000 people from the 17,000-strong Karongi camp in western Rwanda marched out of the camp to protest a 25 percent cut that began last month in the rations provided by the U.N. refugee agency (UNHCR). The agency made the cuts saying it faced funding problems.",9
672,"In southern Somalia, rainfall in early November was well above average and supported crop recovery and development in most areas. However, total Deyr production is still estimated at 60-70 percent of average due to early season crop losses and expected near complete cropping failure in Hiraan and Southern Rainfed Agropastoral livelihood zone of Lower Shabelle. Production estimates are based on an assumption of average rainfall in December, but in the event no rainfall is received in December, greater crop losses are likely. Production in riverine areas is expected to be near average, although the harvest will occur slightly later than normal in riverine areas of Lower and Middle Juba.",3
11788,"Health districts are affected by measles in Bougouni, Koutiala, Kolondieba, Tombouctou, Dioila, Taoudenit and Kalabancoro. Reactive vaccination campaigns, enhancement of surveillance, and community sensitization activities are ongoing in the affected health districts. The national reference laboratory (INRSP) confirmed 246 cases by serology (IgM).",4
1167,"Locals have been suffering from burns, deformations and countless disability cases. Human genes are also affected due to the use of chemical weapons and the burning of oil wells and military remnants. The gene mutations will result in having more birth defects.” Aside from oil pollution, the PAX report also highlighted the human health risks from what it called ‘urban damage’. That is, the dangerous amounts of toxic chemicals realized from damaged industrial sites and abandoned weapons facilities.",4
10049,"Israeli soldiers destroyed, on Wednesday evening, a water pipeline and bulldozed an agricultural road in ‘Atouf village, south of Tubas, in northeastern West Bank, in addition to confiscating a tractor and a water truck in the West Bank’s Northern Plains. Israel controls all water resources, and frequently disconnects water supplies, an issue that forces the Palestinians to buy water, which is delivered to them by water trucks, for higher prices than they would normally pay if they had constant running water.",11
9955,"In Telafar: Conditions are said to be very difficult, with food and water running out, a lack of electricity and diminishing health facilities. People are said to have been surviving on unclean water and bread for the past three to four months.  ",7
4387,"Levels of morbidity are also high (>20%) across most of the population groups surveyed and are likely one of the contributing factors for the high levels of acute malnutrition observed in these groups. Food security related factors (poor food consumption), high food prices, continuous arrival of a large number of new IDPs, limited employment opportunities due to increased competition, limited access to humanitarian interventions, increased destitution due to drought, AWD/ cholera, measles outbreak, low immunization coverage, are considered the main contributing factors for the reported high levels of acute malnutrition among IDPs",4
10138,"Between 01 January 2017 and 26 March 2017, a total of 2,600,409 clinical malaria cases and 1,170 deaths were reported in the country. In absolute terms, this reflects a 55% and 22% increase in caseload and fatality respectively, compared to the same period in 2016 when 1,804,258 cases and 841 deaths were registered.",4
1420,"Local agriculture has been in decline, but it is still the only lifeline for the besieged population.",0
9000,"Below-average pasture and water availability in pastoral areas affecting livestock   In pastoral areas of the cattle corridor, water and pasture availability are currently below average due to the early cessation of seasonal rains and above-average temperatures and evapotranspiration. As a result, livestock body conditions are expected to below average until the onset of the 2018 first rainy season in March. ",3
1905,"Nearly 360,000 persons continue to live with host communities and crowded evacuation centres mainly in Lanao del Sur and Lanao del Norte provinces.Those in evacuation centres are in a protracted situation as local authorities, with support from the humanitarian community, look to meet their needs for the coming months focusing on: food, health, water supply and sanitation, shelter and psychosocial assistance. Meanwhile, internally displaced persons (IDPs) in host communities continue to experience inadequate assistance. There are reports of irregular food distribution, health services and poor water supply and sanitation.",4
2043,"Indeed, the refugees lack latrines drinking water, food. Other challenges are the lack of health care and the narrowness of the reception area.",11
2266,"In addition, it is estimated that over 350,000 Syrian children remain out of school and face challenges such as lack of awareness about available services, language barriers, socio-economic obstacles, and dropout at the secondary school level. Refugee and migrant children – particularly those out of school – remain vulnerable to numerous protection risks, including isolation, discrimination, and different forms of exploitation. Years of conflict and displacement continue to have a significant impact on their psycho-social well-being which, if not addressed, will have a long-term negative impact on their development. Moreover, many vulnerable families struggling to meet their basic needs are increasingly resorting to negative coping mechanisms such as engaging in child labour and child marriage, instead of sending their children to school.",2
11182,"The main reported needs for the IDP families are food and non-food items. The municipalities in the area reported shortages in medicine and medical supplies to deal with chronic illnesses and noted that 88 people are in need of urgent medical attention in relation to chronic illnesses (diabetes, hypertension and cardiac problems), and 23 people with disabilities need specialized care",4
6753,"Meanwhile, cereal and horticulture farmers in North Rift region are counting huge losses after several acres of their crop were submerged by water as heavy rains continue to cause havoc. The rains have interrupted harvesting of maize and wheat while horticulture farmers cannot access markets for their produce after floods rendered most roads in the region impassable. “Some of the crops have been submerged by floods and the roads rendered impassable,” said Lilian Jeptoo, a horticulture farmer from Sambalat, Marakwet East sub-county.Several acres of tomatoes, vegetables, and passion fruit have been swept by water in Uasin Gishu, Nandi, Trans Nzoia and Elgeyo Marakwet counties.Agriculture experts and farmers in the region have expressed fears of a low yield this season due to the heavy rains that threaten to damage more than 40 per cent of the crop.“Due to the rainfall failure during planting season crops only experienced about 30 per cent germination. To compound the problem, the heavy downpour during harvesting period will result in rotting leading to losses,” started the monthly report.",0
4303,"Yemen is using only the primary schedule for immunization. Therefore, the occurrence of diphtheria cases in the country is expected in combination with some other factors including the failure of the national immunization programme, overcrowding among internally displaced population due to the current conflict, and the onset of winter season. These factors increase the likelihood of further spread of the disease to other parts of the country.",4
4449,"The regional nature of constant refugee movement makes it crucial to undertake mapping of primary services and protection services across the region and ensure that CwC coordination also happens on a regional level to mitigate migrants’ vulnerability at every stage of their journey. Ignoring the reality of onward movement is a mistake, because the information component of the refugee crisis is a regional phenomenon, not Italy-specific. While some may see providing information about services outside of the formal system as potentially incentivizing onward movement, it should be considered that withholding this information has not had a demonstrable deterrent effect for migrants embarking on the journey to Europe",9
11347,"ISIL continues to systematically attack and persecute vulnerable ethnic and religious minorities, including Christians, Shabak, Yazidis and Turkmen, causing their mass displacement. The UN Assistance Mission for Iraq (UNAMI) and OHCHR have reported that ISIL's violations, 'may amount to war crimes, crimes against humanity and possibly genocide.' The Commission of Inquiry on Syria has also reported that ISIL 'has committed the crime of genocide as well as multiple crimes against humanity and war crimes against the Yazidis' in Iraq. It is estimated that approximately 1,500 Yazidi women and girls remain enslaved by ISIL. Numerous mass graves of members of the Yazidi community have been discovered in northwestern Iraq since 2014.",9
7532,"Since 30 March 2018, the Gaza Strip has witnessed an enormous increase in Palestinian casualties in the context of mass demonstrations taking place along Israel’s perimeter fence with Gaza. The demonstrations have occurred as part of the ‘Great March of Return’, a series of mass protests, expected to continue up to 5 June. The large number of casualties among unarmed Palestinian demonstrators, including a high percentage of demonstrators hit by live ammunition, has raised concerns about excessive use of force by Israeli troops. Gaza's health sector is struggling to cope with the mass influx of casualties, due to years of blockade, internal divide and a chronic energy crisis, which have left essential services in Gaza barely able to function.",7
5831,"Over the years, however, the diversity and quantities of the foods has gradually been reducing. They expressed concern that even the quantity of maize they have been receiving has been reduced too.  ",3
6607,"“Recent weeks have seen grenade attacks in the capital, and repression and intimidation by security forces and associated groups,” said Assistant Secretary-General Tayé-Brook Zerihoun, updating the Council on the situation in Burundi.  “targeted arrests, arbitrary detention, torture and ill-treatment of real or perceived opposition members and supporters, as well as extra-judicial killings and forced disappearances.”Citing OHCHR, Mr. Zerihoun pointed out that incitement to hatred and violence have increased since April – with regular testimonies and video recordings of rallies by the Imbonerakure, the youth wing of the ruling CNDD-FDD.  He noted that the Government had not resumed interaction with OHCHR since it had suspended it in mid-October 2016 adding that the Commission of Inquiry on the human rights situation there regretted the lack of Government cooperation and access to the country.  “The Commission of Inquiry has collected more than 470 testimonies of human rights violations allegedly committed in Burundi since 2015,” to be presented in its final report to the Human Rights Council in September, Mr. Zerihoun said.  Given the current climate, implementation of proposals contained in a 12 May report of the National Commission for the Inter-Burundian Dialogue would likely lead to an escalation of the crisis, he said.  That report – which affirmed that a majority in Burundi supported a revision of the Constitution, a lifting of presidential term limits and changes to other provisions of the Arusha Agreement – had been denounced by opposition parties, as had the subsequent creation of a constitutional review commission.  Turning to other issues, he said the socioeconomic and humanitarian situations have also deteriorated.",9
10483,"Gripped by fear, trauma and faced with an unknown future, they have nevertheless managed to organise a substitute for a community life at the train station, their temporary home.",9
1609,"Beside the malaria outbreak, Burundi is concurrently managing several challenges, including insecurity and civil unrest (causing the displacement of populations and movement across borders); an ongoing cholera outbreak; and the planned repatriation of about 45 000 Burundian refugees from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Tanzania, also currently experiencing cholera outbreaks. All these factors may overwhelm the health system and have a negative impact on response capacities. ",4
6907,"Large-scale military offensives continue to give rise to concerns about civilian safety, not least through possible exposure to explosive remnants of war. Further concerns include possible limitations on civilians’ freedom of movement and reprisal attacks in the case of the abandonment of captured towns.",9
650,"People’s livelihoods, including farming, fishing and small scale commercial activities—both formal and informal— were severely impacted, in particular in Grand’Anse and Sud departments. In fact, between 70 and 100 per cent of crops were destroyed in the affected areas, the November harvest being compromised. In addition to substantial losses of stocks and crops, livestock was decimated and essential livelihood equipment destroyed. The loss of food stocks and of farming land has forced people to turn to markets, which in turn were heavily affected by the hurricane12 . Affected communities, which in many cases are still resorting to negative coping mechanisms, need immediate support to access to food, in the short term, and restore their livelihoods as soon as possible. Small businesses and micro-enterprises that lost productive assets need to quickly recover. ",3
7157,Dominican Republic: The Ministry of Education suspended school activity across the country from 20 September to 25 September as a preemptive measure ahead of Maria’s arrival.,2
7912,"Food security and livelihoods.Very few IDPs in the Suleimanti Community reported receiving food assistance. In most camps, adult males are able to find casual labour in construction or pushing water trolleys, but opportunities are rarely consistent enough to provide for the whole month, so family members are regularly sent to beg. Suleimanti Community",3
11961,"Cholera has killed 29 people in Hoima District, medical officers have confirmed.The cholera outbreak was last week confirmed to have hit Congolese refugees in Kyangwali settlement camp who fled from fighting in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). Reported cases “We have registered 962 (Cholera) cases out of which 29 people have died,” said Dr Joseph Ruyonga, the Hoima district health officer on Tuesday.The cholera outbreak which was confirmed by the Ministry of health has spread from Kyangwali refugee camp to various villages in Hoima District. Sebagoro, Kyehoro, Kaiso, Nkondo in Kabwooya Sub County are among the affected areas.",4
3942,"Floodway construction is required to limit the impact of immense flooding and economic losses for people living in the southern provinces, and city planning should be adjusted to better enable disaster responses, says the Engineering Institute of Thailand (EIT). ",1
8926,"The 2017 lean season (from April to July) was particularly harsh and extended with most households facing serious food constraints. In addition, not only the quantity of food in-take was reduced but the dietary diversity was also drastically diminished by the substitution of more nutritious cereal and vegetable staples with cassava and the sharp reduction of animal proteins intake.",8
6883,"Over the weekend, negotiations between rebel and regime negotiators failed to reach an agreement to repair the damaged pumping station, and airstrikes resumed once again on Sunday, continuing into Tuesday. ",6
4241,"But now that the guns have gone silent, he is among more than 50,000 former residents of the ancient Syrian city’s battle-ravaged east who are currently displaced in the western part of the city. And he is eager to get back to work. ",5
4537,"Although rainfall has increased in some areas of Madagascar since mid-November, the negative impacts of the delayed onset of the rainfall season is still present. Rainfall is below average in several western provinces of the island.",5
2473,"Shelter damage of private housing has been reported in 76 per cent of locations compared to the country average of four per cent, with a potentially critical situation in Joubar Sharqi and Joubar Gharbi.",10
6602,"The Health Cluster Working Group, a body of Syrian NGOs, said in the report that fortification of basement, cave and underground field hospitals – developed by Syrian engineers and medical staff in response to the crisis – is urgently needed.  ",4
9928,"While April/May rainfall has modestly replenished water sources, pasture, and browse, and forecasts for the upcoming October-December rainy season are positive, the outlook for pastoralist food security in Somali Region is very concerning. Households have few, if any, livestock to sell and given the lack of camel and goat conceptions during the past two seasons, milk availability will remain very low during 2017 and herd sizes will increase very slowly, even if the October to December rains are good. T",3
5123," IDPs rely on the river Nile as their sole source of water for drinking, cooking, bathing and livelihood activities such as shing. • IDPs were observed to be drinking water directly from the river Nile from cups • No hygiene sensitization campaign have been conducted in any of the IDP locations • No latrines are available for any of the IDP settlements. Open defecation prevalent across all IDP settlements • Need for soap, water purication tablets, jerry cans and women’s dignity kits",11
646,"Mungula sttlement: There are long waiting lines for patients, few medical staff, and limited hours of service in the health centres that serve the settlement. Many in Mungula I cannot easily access the supplementary feeding program based at one of the health centres because it is located far away from some parts of the settlements. Some refugees also face language barriers when seeking treatment due to a lack of translators",4
10458,113 additional suspected cholera cases were reported on 9 September including 4 deaths. ? The total number of suspected cholera cases is now 1283 cases ? The number of deaths reported as 8 September is 35. ,4
10350,"This week between 4,300 and 10,000 people transited through Hammam Al-Alil daily from west Mosul.Families reported that the continuous fighting, shelling, airstrikes, targeting of civilians attempting to flee, and the lack of food, water, and basic services are the main reasons of forced displacement",7
7050,"The Kenya Red Cross Society is hiring nurses on a temporary basis to help deal with medical emergencies in 11 counties hit by the malaria outbreak. This comes at a time nurses have vowed not to resume duty until their Collective Bargaining Agreement is signed. The temporary nurses will be posted to Marsabit, Mandera, Baringo, Isiolo, Samburu, Wajir, Garissa, Tana River, Turkana, Lamu and West Pokot counties, where more than 50 people have died of malaria over the last two weeks. More than 2,000 others have been diagnosed with the disease. Marsabit County is the worst hit, having recorded at least 26 deaths while about 1,300 people have been diagnosed with the disease. The disease has also claimed nine lives in Baringo County. Kapau, Chesawach, Tayier, Gulel, Akoret and Kongor villages are the hardest hit. Other affected areas include Kakuma refugee camp in Turkana County, where 438 people tested positive.",4
1709,"Years of armed conflict in Somalia have resulted in widespread contamination with ERW and landmines, as well as a steady rise in the use of IEDs – the latter remain the deadliest threat to lives in the Horn of Africa country and were responsible for killing and injuring more than 1,400 civilians last year, according to the UN Mine Action Service (UNMAS).  More than 900 people were killed and injured by the devastating IED explosion that occurred in Mogadishu on 14 October 2017, which Mr. de Clercq described as “one of the worst” IED bombings to ever occur in Africa. ",9
3017,"IDPs:Deteriorating shelter conditions are resulting in overcrowding and unsanitary environments in IDP settings, leading to the increased spread and susceptibility to communicable diseases.most vulnerable IDPs living in collective centres, public buildings, spontaneous settlements and makeshift shelters are enduring deteriorating conditions, exposed to increased protection risks.",10
11726,"Over the past two months, Chechnya has entered a new phase of instability that differs in several key regards from the sporadic low-level insurgency of the past 16 years.  That violence has already cost some 30 lives. It has also arguably demonstrated just how hollow Chechen Republic head Ramzan Kadyrov's claims to total control over the region really are. Kadyrov's classic response of systematic reprisals and large-scale detentions is likely to fuel the nascent discontent behind those attacks, however, rather than contain, let alone quash, it.",9
9732,"About 78 000 people are estimated to be in Phase 3: “Crisis” and above between March and May 2017, according to the latest “Cadre Harmonisé” analysis conducted in the country. Child malnutrition is also a cause of concern. Chronic malnutrition ranges between 11 and 20 percent with the North Bank Region and the Lower River Region. The nutrition situation is expected to improve in 2017 thanks to numerous nutrition and health interventions across the country.",3
5464,The hospital at Burao is dealing with three times as many suspected cases of cholera and AWD compared to last year. It has run out of funds to provide free treatment.  The staff haven’t been paid in the past month.,4
3104,A total of 313 cholera cases have been confirmed by laboratory testing.,4
11598,"In March 2018, a total of about 234,000 MT of food commodities imported into Yemen (of which over 95% is commercially imported). That amount together with the in-country available stock has led to some improvement in the availability of food commodities in the markets and may likely to cover the national food requirement for up to three months from April 2018. Moreover, during the reporting period, around 150,000 MT of fuel commodities (mostly petrol and diesel) was imported. However, compared to the needs and continued scarcity of fuel in the country, the amount of imported fuel has not improved the situation and resulted in persistently poor supply of fuel commodities into local markets. The serious scarcity of cooking gas during the month of March was reportedly caused by the decision from authorities in Sana’a imposing a fixed lower price which was not accepted by the big traders and stopped supplying to the markets and created wide spread disruption in the availability of cooking gas (Table 1).",7
10935,"Security of tenure for IDPs is limited increasing the risk of forced eviction, especially for newly arrived IDPs who frequently rely on oral tenure agreements for sites they settle on.",9
8689,"People’s lives and public health have also been threatened by collapsed houses and roofs, fallen trees, dead cattle, flooded latrines and cemeteries, and damaged health facilities. 70 per cent of health facilities assessed in Grand’Anse, Sud and Nippes departments sustained damage from the hurricane14. They lost equipment for emergency maternal and newborn care, stocks of vaccines and medication, including supplies against HIV. ",0
3162,"Even in Salma and Ali’s home province of Tartus, a regime bastion relatively insulated from the war, residents are being hit hard by a severe medicine shortage as manufacturers underproduce and export to more lucrative foreign markets for profit, say two pharmaceutical insiders and half a dozen residents who spoke to Syria Direct.",4
11120,"Sudan security summons ‘cholera prevention campaigners’ Security officers in El Managil in El Gezira state have summoned a group of volunteers who set up awareness raising activities on how to prevent the spread of cholera in the area. The Sudanese authorities however, refuse to call the disease by its name, and instead refer to it as “Acute Watery Diarrhoea (AWD)”.The NISS has repeatedly warned the press in the country not to make mention of cholera. An eastern Sudanese journalist was detained for crossing this “red line” in April. In June, the director of the Omdurman Emergency Hospital was dismissed for the same reason. Later that month, NISS agents briefly detained nine activists of the Sudanese Congress Party while they were attending a seminar in Omdurman on the prevention of cholera.According to the Geneva-based Darfur Relief and Documentation Centre (DRDC), the World Health Organisation should “consider seeking legal opinion from competent bodies about the responsibility of its Member States, notably Sudan, to conceal the outbreak of deadly epidemics such as cholera in the country.” ",9
3014,"Humanitarian needs remain high. The number of people in IPC 4 (Emergency) has grown tenfold from 83,000 people in January 2017 to 866,000 in January 2018.",3
9984,"Clashes again broke out in the west Tripoli suburb of Janzour today, Sunday, as local fighters took on militias from the neighb ouring . There have been reports of heavy artillery being used and, this evening of two Fursan Janzour (“Janzour Knights”) Brigade members being killed. According to the director of Janzour security directorate, Mahmoud Ashour, five civilians had been wounded, with one in a serious condition. Social media showed houses having been hit by shelling, possibly as many as five.",10
4353,"About 4.7 million people are in need of humanitarian assistance in Chad. Four million people are affected by food insecurity and malnutrition, particularly in the Sahel, a situation that worsens even more during the lean season. About 900 000 people are in need of emergency food assistance, with more than 200 300 cases of severe acute malnutrition.",8
8970,"Across the entire Mediterranean region, deaths at sea stand now at 485 men, women and children, compared with 425 at this time in 2016. Another factor in these statistics: traffic between Turkey and Greece – which claimed 321 lives during the first 57 days of 2016 – has virtually ceased. This year IOM has recorded just two deaths on the Eastern Mediterranean route.",9
7703,"This rapid increase in Nangrahar’s population has put a strain on government services, including health and education",2
2691,"Bama LGA IDP count 42,902. Urgent needs: shelter, food, and NFIs",7
6246,"Protection needs are high, in particular for the returnees and deported people from the Dominican Republic, the people affected by Hurricane Matthew - including the 175,000 people who took refuge in collective centres - and the 55,100 IDPs since the 2010 earthquake. These populations lack access to basic services, including to safe water and sanitation. Children, elderly, women and singleheaded households are particularly exposed to abuse, exploitation and violence, including sexual and genderbased violence. ",11
1683,"Even before the escalation of the current conflict in March 2015, only a little over half of Yemen’s population (59%) was able to access drinking water from an improved source2 .",11
286,"According to the NCDC, 449 suspected cases of Lassa fever have been reported across 17 States since January 1. Among these, 132 cases have been confirmed, as of February 4, and 40 people, including 3 health workers, have died.  The current number of suspected cases is more than double the average annual caseload recorded in previous years.  ",4
4927,"The Dollo Somali region of Ethiopia borders Somalia and Kenya. Due to its proximity to the Somali border, it has received refugees who fled Somalia due to war related persecution during 2009 and 2010 while refugees due to drought related reasons crossed into Ethiopia during 2012 and 2013. The state of Ethiopia is signatory to the 1951 UN convention. The state department ARRA and UNHCR Sub Office in Melkadida undertakes joint registration of refugees in the Dollo region. There are five camps in the region namely Melkadida, Buramino, Hilaweyn, Kobe and Bokolmayo, as shown in the Fig 1.   Fig. 1   The combined registered population of all the camps is 210,930 individuals (98,248 M and 112,682 F) comprising 39,123 households. The main areas of origin for these refugees include Gedo, Bay and Bakol. Majority of the refugees are Muslims of Sunni denomination.   ARRA, UNHCR and partners are providing basic needs and services to the refugees living in camps since their onset. In order to plan for different sectoral interventions and also use consultative approach for prioritization of interventions, ARRA, UNHCR and partners undertake annual   8    consultations through PA. These discussions provide qualitative information such as issues concerning refugees, their perspectives and suggestions. In 2016, PA was conducted with the support of 17 organizations. In order to complement the findings of the PA, the quantitative data from different assessments such as education assessment2, HIS3 (Health Information System) and other sources such as registration data by UNHCR, return intention survey data were also used for the purposes of analysis in this report.  ",5
11213,"IDP settlements, including in Afgoye, Baidoa and Gaalkacyo, remain overcrowded and under-regulated, exposing women and girls specifically to gender-based related risks and negative coping strategies. Evictions from IDP sites continue to occur throughout southern and central Somalia, with Mogadishu and Baidoa as hot-spots, with more than 88,000 people directly affected by evictions in the first half of 2017, according to the Norwegian Refugee Council. Large-scale military offensives continue to increase concerns for civilian safety, not least through the possibility of exposure to Explosive Remnants of War.Further concerns include limited civilianmovement or reprisal attacks in case of abandonment of captured towns. Occasionally targeted airstrikes affecting civilians continue to be reported, with a recent incident - 70km north of Kismayo killing three civilians and 70 livestock and injured seven others.",9
5659,Saudi Arabia steps up ruthless crackdown against human rights activists. A string of activists have been detained or appeared in court in recent weeks in connection with their peaceful human rights work signalling that the authorities plan to continue with their ruthless crackdown on peaceful dissent. Among those affected is an activist who faced charges for providing information to Amnesty International.,9
5651,Domestic violence is the most reported incidents in both setting. It was reported in 35 displacement sites and 229 locations in host communities.Issues regarding children who are forced to beg or work are reported in 25 the displacement sites and 252 locations in host communities. Incidents of physical and emotional abuses of children was reported in 13 displacement sites and in 78 locations in host communities.,9
5778,"At least two people-a woman and a boy were confirmed to have been killed within a space of two months, according to sources at the camp and police.Another gruesome attack took place last Sunday involving a 47 year old Rwandan national Bavumiragira Deogratias.",9
9373,"The desalination plant in Derna city (close to the exit point to thewest of the city) has been shut down due to its proximity to areas of fighting and, therefore, concerns for the safety of its staff. In addition, there are unconfirmed reports that the plant was also affected by shelling on 29 May and thus has ceased functioning. The whole city is without water supply, affecting an estimated 125,000 people who now rely only on the minimal water they have stored in their tanks or from wells. Also on 29 May, a complete shutdown in electricity occurred and continues to date, when the city’s only power plant was reportedly targeted by shelling rendering it non-operational. Both plants were facing difficulty prior to these closures due to the lack of fuel and materials for maintenance",11
4956,"To date, 24,596 families or 114,346 persons have been affected in 146 barangays in Regions VI, VIII, X and XI (see Table 1).At present, 45 families or 178 persons are still staying inside 2 evacuation centers in Regions X and XI (see Table 2).There is a total of 1,860 damaged houses in Regions VI, VIII, and XI; of which, 16 are totally damaged, while 1,844 are partially damaged (see Table 4).",10
557,"Needs 1. People in camps and out of camps settings continue to require summer NFIs, adequate shelter and fuel for generators. 2. There is a signicant gap of mattresses identied in camps in Ninewa governorate. Signicant gaps for winterization including winter NFI and kerosene were identied in Centre South and Kirkuk governorates. 3. Shelter in camps for the anticipated West Anbar and Hawiga response is needed, including repair and maintenance of existing shelter.",7
8380,"Down the road, explosives, ammunition and weaponry were piled in a corner of what soldiers said had been a doctor’s home. A suitcase torn open in the bathtub bore a sticker showing that its owner had flown into Erbil in 2016.",9
7586,"Monitoring data from besieged Eastern Ghouta, indicating poor market functionality and severely disrupted supply routes due to an increase in fighting. Moreover, key informants indicated that traders are unable to replenish food stocks due to movement restrictions. The Four-Town agreement had a significant impact on market functionality, food availability and prices in Madaya and AzZabadani where fresh vegetables became available for the first time in markets after protracted siege. In same context, an improved food availability was also reported from Al-Wa’er in Homs after the evacuation.",3
3572,"Solidarités International, Intersos, Danish Church Aid and Person in Need Relief Mission have suspended their activities in localities where they say threats to their workers and operations have reached a “climax”. The aid agencies will redeploy workers to the capital Bangui until security and safety is assured. Other organisations have decided to limit their operations to lifesaving activities only. They do not, however, rule out complete withdrawal if attacks against them were to persist. In the first quarter of this year, 33 incidents targeting humanitarian workers have been recorded across the country, 16 in the western Ouham prefecture alone. ",6
3634,"Since the 2012 political and security crisis in Mali, violence and instability have led to displacements of population and disruption of social services in the north of the country, with detrimental impact on the nutritional status of the most vulnerable girls and boys. Other factors, such as limited access to water and sanitation in northern areas and childhood diseases like diarrhea, acute respiratory infections and malaria, have aggravated the situation.",11
8893," Three schools were reportedly bombed south of Aleppo in al-Hanuteh and al-Hamidiyah. According to local media, Russian airstrikes were responsible",2
7985," At least 33,712 houses were totally and 71,294 partially destroyed being Massinga, Morrumbene, Maxixe and Inhambane city the most affected districts. In terms of infrastructure, 389 Government offices, 70 health units including 52 maternities as well as 1,687 classrooms were partially destroyed. ",2
4148,"There tends to be a dengue epidemic every two to three years, said Dr. Myat Min Htun of the divisional health department, adding that Irrawaddy Division saw the deadliest dengue outbreak in its history in 2015, when more than 6,000 people were infected and 49 died.",4
3072,"Maize prices continued to rise in May, and in some parts have doubled since last year. This is partly due to reduced supplies from the 2016 short-rains harvest. The upcoming long-rains harvest is expected to be adversely affected by early season dryness and a fall armyworm infestation.",3
214,"Flood Battered by heavy rain, flash flood hit two districts in Selangor and Perak State. A total of 446 people were evacuated to by the local authority. Additionally, thunderstorm has damaged 100 houses in Penaga, Penang.",10
10322,"In Prachuap Khiri Khan province, many residents of Bang Sawan district have been trapped in their homes, as the three local reservoirs were unable to contain the runoff from the Tanao Si Mountain Range, which eventually flooded several roads in the area. Governor Thawee Narissirikul denied rumors that the structural integrity of the reservoirs had been compromised.",6
9305,"During Ramadan, people living in Hasansham U2 and Hammam al Alil camps fell ill with food poisoning. This was as a result of food cooked outside the camps during the day and brought in for Iftar (evening meal). Meals were then left in soaring temperatures for hours until sunset when fasting adults could eat and rehydrate. Some 945 people were treated for vomiting and diarrhoea. The first vomiting and diarrhoea outbreak occurred on 13 June and the second on 24 June – while several people were hospitalised, no deaths occurred. The situation in both camps was quickly contained as health partners responded with treatment and samples sent to the laboratory for examination.",3
2044,"The extremely dry winter has affected 22 provinces across Afghanistan and now threatens to negatively impact the lives of one million people, with an additional two million who could feel its effects over the coming months.  Food insecurity and reduced access to safe water are beginning to take their toll in the 10 worst affected provinces, where 20 to 30 percent of water sources are reportedly dry. The impact on children could be devastating, as these areas have pre-existing high rates of malnutrition. Without adequate nutritious food and safe water for drinking, as well as for hygiene and sanitation, children’s health will only worsen.  “The priority is to prevent the situation from deteriorating, by responding to the needs of children and families in the worst affected areas,” said Adele Khodr, UNICEF Representative in Afghanistan. “Children across the country already face numerous challenges and now they have to cope with this latest threat to their lives,” Khodr added.  The impact of the drought couldn’t come at a worse time, as cases of severe acute malnutrition – seasonal malnutrition – rise on average by about 25 percent each year in the coming summer months. Some 1.6 million children and 443,000 pregnant and lactating women suffer from malnutrition across Afghanistan.  “Preventing malnutrition is already a priority in Afghanistan,” said Khodr. “We need to make sure that children and families get the access to nutritious food, safe water and health services that they need. The impact of malnutrition can last a lifetime, which is why it’s critical that we identify and treat at risk children now,” Khodr added.  A drought emergency task force has been set up by the Government of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan to coordinate and align the response across all sectors, including education, nutrition, water, sanitation and hygiene, food security and agriculture.  UNICEF and partners in the nutrition cluster estimate that emergency nutrition assistance is needed for 92,000 children and 8,500 pregnant and lactating women. UNICEF estimates also show that between July and December 2018, some 121,000 acutely malnourished children under five and 33,000 pregnant and lactating women could need life-saving nutrition services.  The UNICEF led water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) cluster has indicated that some 875,000 people could need assistance in the next three to six months. UNICEF and partners are scaling up their operations to respond to the emergency nutrition and WASH needs.  An estimated 100 families from the Bala Murghab district of Badghis have been forced to move to Herat to find alternative work due to failed crops, and to access safe drinking water. The situation is further complicated, as a result of escalating conflict that often occurs at this time of year, leading to increased displacement and reduced access for humanitarian workers.  Among the affected provinces, Bagdhish, Bamyan, Daykundi, Ghor, Helmand, Kandahar, Jawzjan, Nangarhar, Nimroz, Nuristan, Takhar, and Uruzgan are of critical priority for nutrition and water, sanitation and hygiene assistance.  Thirteen provinces, out of a country total of 34 provinces, received less than 30 percent of their average annual precipitation in the period October 2017 to end February 2018.  UNICEF Afghanistan is calling for an additional US$10 million to respond to the needs of children and their families. This includes to:  • Provide safe water for 200,000 people and hygiene assistance, including chemicals for water treatment and hygiene kits.  • Reach 65,000 children with essential lifesaving nutrition assistance through:  procuring and pre-positioning essential nutrition suppliesscaling up emergency nutrition services through fixed and mobile nutrition teams that can provide broader health services at the same time.strengthening community screening and referrals of malnourished children to provide treatment as quickly as possible.scaling up the Vitamin A supplementation programme for children in drought affected provinces.UNICEF also calls on all parties to the conflict to provide safe access for families seeking essential health services and for humanitarian workers to reach children and families in need of lifesaving support. ",3
894,"In West Pokot County, more than 40,000 pupils are going hungry after the World Food Programme suspended school feeding. ",2
9050,"As of 28 October 2017, a total of 6 cases; composed of 2 confirmed, 1 probable and 3 suspected cases; which had epidemiological links to the confirmed case. A cumulative total of 3 deaths (2 confirmed and 1 probable) have so far been recorded.There are currently 2 cases on admission at the MVD isolation facility established at Kampchorwa Health Centre IV, in Kaphorwa district.   The outbreak has since spread affected three districts of Kween, Kapachorwa and, most recently Bukwo district where contacts of the last confirmed case are yet to be traced. Bukwo has porous borders with lots of cross-border activities.",4
11634,"ADRA is providing urgent food and shelter for the displaced Rohingya refugees. Many of those who fled Myanmar arrived in Bangladesh with only the clothes they were wearing, and minimal food. Now they are stuck in muddy, crowded refugee camps – desperate for safety and lacking basic necessities. ",1
9188,Five cases of cholera were reported in Corail and 1 in Pestel last week,4
6794," The cost of the food basket increased by 2% at national level despite lowering of prices in hard -to-reach areas.  At governorate level, prices have generally either stabilized or increased for most commodities.Dohuk witnessed the most noticeable upward trend in prices in March, with 6 of the 8 WFP monitored commodities witnessing an increase in their prices.  The wage of unskilled labour has increased by 3% in hard-toreach areas. Nevertheless the purchasing power of population living in hard-to-reach areas is still 19% lower than in the rest of the country. ",3
5694,"across foraml settlements in Iraq, Humaitrain reponse gaps have been noted for Proection, WASH, Education and NFIs ",7
3343,"Climatically, nearly everything went wrong this past year. Floods inundated Aweil’s lowlands while drought afflicted its highlands, spreading desertification further north towards Sudan. Experts are increasingly blaming this deadly combination on the effects of climate change.",3
4874,"Residents were reported as not being able to move safely within their baladiyas in 19% of assessed baladiyas.In baladiyas where movement was reported to be unsafe the main reason cited was insecurity (67% of baladiyas), followed by road closures (14%), the threat or presence of explosive hazards (9%), or other reasons (10%) (Figure 37). ",9
11690,"Meanwhile, the refugees say they are struggling as local water and food resources are stretched thin.",11
3858,"As a result of below-average Deyr production and expected below-average Gu production, domestic staple cereal supply will be lower than normal throughout 2018, but higher than last year. International cereal markets are well supplied and rice and wheat imports into Somalia are expected to be average and help address domestic staple food supply gaps.",3
235,"On 4 December, the Israeli authorities informed the Israeli Supreme Court of their intention to demolish 46 structures in Susiya village (Hebron). Forty people, including 14 children, are expected to be displaced, while all 160 of its residents in Area Care at heightened risk of forcible transfer. The whole community (327 residents) will be affected by the demolition of the 46 structures, which include eight homes, two health clinics, 12 rooms used for the school, another two livelihood structures and a solar panel system. According to the authorities, these structures were erected without the required permits, in contravention of a court injunction from 2014.",10
10145,"Cholera incidence remains very high in the beginning of this year, notably in the provinces around the congo river, from Maniema to Equateur; and through Mongala and Bas Uele (Aketi) provinces. Case fatality ratio in these provinces are particularly high (Tshopo – 7.9%, Mongala and Ituri – respectively above 6%; Equateur and Bas Uele – around 5% each). Fi-nally, to be noted a notable decrease from Tanganyika province, even if Kale-mie area remains in outbreak.",4
1716,"Several hundred homes and hundreds of acres of farmland have already been eroded in Mohonganj Bazar, Nayarchar, Newazi, Shankarpur, Hajipara, Fakirpara and Beparipara areas of the union over the last 30 days, according to locals.  As the erosion line approached their household plot in Mohonganj village, Johora Begum and her family had to dismantle and move her house 25 days ago. They took shelter in another house in the neighbourhood.",10
288,"The County drought status remained at Alarm stage and the trend is worsening. The last season (MAM) rainfall performance in all livelihood zones was depressed and poorly distributed. ? Rangeland conditions worsened further as the dry spell progressed resulting into severe scarcity of pasture, browse and water resources leading into massive out-migrations. ? The ability of herders to access good prices for their livestock has been curtailed by migrations which has continued to hamper food availability and consumption leading to poor nutrition among the most vulnerable groups. ? Water shortages are severe in Sericho, Modogashe, Oldonyiro, Merti and Garbatulla. Shallow wells that were in use dried up in Bassa, Dakiye and Malkagalla and people and livestock are facing severe water shortages. ? The food security situation is therefore severe and expected to worsen further as all environmental, production, access and utilization indicators gradually deteriorate until the impacts of the OND short rains come to effect in December. ? The county is therefore at crisis food security phase of the Integrated Phase Classification (IPC 2.0) and may drift to emergency phase.",3
7538,"The large part of Gatumba area is flooded. The locals no longer go about their daily activities because for some, their homes were destroyed while others are still flooded and their household items soaked. The children cry because they are hungry while their parents are busy digging gutters to channel the water that has stagnated before the houses that have not been destroyed. Gatumba people seem hopeless.",5
1649,Higher proportions of the new arrivals and older unregistered refugees are not consuming Vitamin A and heme iron rich foods and are thus at higher risk of micronutrient deficiencies.,4
9388,"An estimated 1.7 million people, including some 434,000 internally displaced people (IDPs), have been affected by the violence in the five provinces that make up the greater Kasai region, according to a report by OCHA. The majority of IDPs have taken refuge in remote fields or are living with communities.Medicine, food, shelter and non-food items are among the most pressing needs.",4
2395,"The Palestinian Ministry of Health announced a state of emergency, late Sunday, as main health facilities in Gaza are about to halt critical medical services.The World Health Organisation (WHO) has recently released a report describing the deficit of fuel. The report highlighted the negative impact, should certain health services in Gaza hospitals stop working.In the report, WHO acknowledged that “the 14 hospitals in Gaza need 430,000 liters of fuel per month with the approximate cost of $450,000.”",6
7293,"Pervasive gender-based violence consists not only of rape or sexual assault, which represented 18 per cent of the cases in 2017, but also harmful traditional practices, including early and/or forced marriages that make up 12 per cent of the cases. The economic situation has resulted in more families seeking to ease hardships with dowry payments fromforced and child marriages. These have had a devastating and life-threatening impact on the health, well-being, and economic, social and psychological development of girls, limiting their access to education and sexual and reproductive health care, and increasing their social isolation. Even before the conflict, 40 per cent of girls were married before the age of 18 in South Sudan.",9
7747,"A measles outbreak has also been confirmed in Panyijiar county, in Unity State, with 78 per cent of the cases reported to be children under five. None of the affected children had been vaccinated for measles. UNICEF has conducted response activities which are set out in further detail below. In total, there have been 21,530 cases and 461 deaths during this outbreak, with 17,361 cases and 392 deaths reported in 2017. As the decline is still a recent development, UNICEF and partners continue with a multi-sectoral response, set out in further detail below.",4
7613,"According to UNCHR, the influx of Burundian refugees has stabilized at about 350 per month. More than 60 percent living in Mahama Camp in Kirehe District are entirely dependent on WFP food assistance and remain in Stressed (IPC Phase 2!). WFP Rwanda has not received sufficient funding to maintain its overall assistance in Rwanda and recently ended stunting prevention programs for children aged 6-23 months, and for pregnant and breastfeeding mothers; however, refugee assistance has not yet been reduced.",3
3528,Eating once a day   Getting loans to buy food   Some girls are prompted to start prostitution due to food related problems,9
4676,"High food insecurity, limited access to essential services including health care, and poor access to safe water and sanitation may have exacerbated an already serious malnutrition situation (based on DHS 2015-16 for Rakhine State, the Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) was at 13.9 percent while the Severe Acute malnutrition (SAM) - 3.7 percent). None of the children from 6 to 23 months met the minimum adequate diet, only 2.5 percent reached minimum dietary diversity and 8.5 percent met the minimum meal frequency.",1
6183,"Detainees are frequently held in detention conditions that fall far short of international minimum standards for the treatment of prisoners. In some cases, conditions are so inhuman that they amount to torture and other ill-treatment. Detainees are crammed into small cells lacking light and ventilation, and without adequate washing and sanitation facilities. Some are placed in prolonged solitary confinement in cells that are so small there is no room to stretch out their legs. Such conditions aggravate pre-existing medical conditions and lead to the spread of infections and gastro-intestinal ailments. In some cases, poor detention conditions, coupled with medical neglect, lead to deaths, including from otherwise treatable conditions. In contravention of international standards, children are held together with adults in similar squalid conditions.",4
9658,"Uganda has made great strides in maternal health, according to the report. Maternal mortality has reduced from 438 deaths per 100,000 live births registered in the 2011 UDHS report to the current 336 deaths per 100,000 live births. There is also marked improvement in pregnant women attending four or more antenatal care visits from 48% in 2011 to 60% in 2016 while the number of births in health facilities increased from 57% in 2011 to 73% in 2016. ",4
6597,"Violence in the eastern counties of Laikipia and Baringo increased due to a series of clashes between Pokot and Tugen-Ilchamus militias. These battles caused a peak of fatalities in March 2017 (see Figure 7) (APA News, 15 March 2017). Overall, the south-east region suffered fre- quent episodes of violence, including in Narok County, where Maasai and Kipsigi militias continue their fight along the Trans Mara West-Trans Mara East border and   near Bomet. This dispute devolved into a series of small revenge attacks along shared borders despite a two month amnesty provision given by the county commis- sioner in January (Daily Nation, 13 February 2017). ",9
455," Since November 2016, Rohingya living in Jammu have increasingly been subject to a campaign of negative propaganda and actions by local right wing hindu political party leaders and residents. This includes forced evictions, slow genocidal and hate campaigns, demonstrations, and restrictions on Rohingya attending their places of work.",9
8278,“Flooding due to too much stagnant water increases the chances of water borne diseases such as cholera and other diarrhoeal illnesses. There is also the increase of rodent borne diseases such as vector borne diseases like malaria.” ,4
4450,"Dire living conditions are reported in western Mosul. Some of the families interviewed by UNHCR protection teams in the past week fled from western Mosul, where they feared for their safety due to the imminent military operation. They reported that living conditions there had become increasingly difficult: food shortages, dramatically inflated food prices, and intermittent water and electricity made it difficult for them to meet their basic needs.",3
1139,"Cumulatively, 7,735 cholera cases including 246 deaths (76 facilities and 170 community) (CFR 3.23%) have been reported in South Sudan involving 19 counties in 11 states since the initial case was reported on 18 June 2016 for Jubek state; 3rd July 2016 for Duk in Jonglei state; 14 July 2016 for Terekeka state, 15 August 2016 for Mingkaman in Eastern Lakes and Pageri in Imatong states; 10 August 2016 for Fangak in Western Bieh state; 29 September 2016 for Rubkona in Northern Liech state; 11 October 2016 for Leer; 22 October 2016 for Panyijiar in Southern Liech state; 10 October 2016 for Pigi in Central Upper Nile state; 7 October 2016 for Mayendit inSouthern Liech state; 30 January 2017 for Bor South in Jonglei state; 3 February 2017 for Yirol East in Eastern Lakes state; 22 February 2017 for Malakal, in Central Upper Nile state; and 8 April 2017 for Ayod; 4 April for Kodok; and 23 April for Kapoeta South (Figure 2.1 and Table 1.1).",4
11625,"Challenges In spite of the efforts to address the nutritional needs of new arrivals, malnutrition continues to pose a challenge, especially considering the already high rates within the receiving refugee camps. Reports of suspected cases of AWD in the host community and in the refugees’ areas of origin increase the risk of communicable disease outbreaks in the camps. The current drought impacting the Somali region poses constraints in terms of available resources.  ",4
11066,"As a result of the challenges linked to not being able to access animal protein or vegetables, malnutrition rates have severely increased among displaced populations, with about 2 million children affected by severe acute malnutrition.",8
4128,Water quality testing is underway following damage to traditional water sources. There have been reports of increasing cases of diarrheal diseases and gastrointestinal infections at health facilities in Hela and Southern Highlands Provinces due to consumption of contaminated surface water. 4,11
10253,Twenty of the 25 women that Amnesty International interviewed from the region had been raped and nearly all had seen their adult male relatives killed.,9
8614,"The two medical facilities in Eastern Ghouta were hit by airstrikes, heavily damaged and put out of service on the morning of February 25. There were no casualties. At least 20 civilians were killed in other areas of Ghouta as an aerial bombardment continued to pound civilian areas. At least 541 civilians were killed and thousands were wounded in one week from February 18-25. There were 31 attacks on 26 medical facilities (5 were attacked twice), killing 6 medical staff and injuring 15 since February 18. Eight of those facilities were completely destroyed and several others were heavily damaged and put out of service. The vulnerable civilians of eastern Ghouta have virtually no access to emergency healthcare when they need it most.",4
11627,"But hundreds more young Tunisian men disappeared while attempting the crossing. Official figures are unavailable, but a group of Tunisian mothers have amassed a dossier of more than 500 names. Some believe their sons drowned after their boats capsized.",9
2970,"Since the beginning of the year, 107 cases of sexual and gender-based violence were reported in Meri and 67 in Biringi. While UNHCR provided the victims with medical and psychosocial assistance, access to justice proved to be challenging due to shortcomings or even absence of local judiciary structures.",9
9535,"More large fires are reported in Darfur in this time of year, when the wind easily spreads flames – for example from cooking fires – through the dry grass and roofs. A shortage of fire-fighting equipment exacerbates the damage.",7
3071,"People in need: 932,700 • Number of children with moderate acute malnutrition: 473,194 (8.1% of children) • The number of food insecure people is 55 percent more than during the 2017 lean season. Food Security Cluster analysis has identified as many as 1.6 million people in need.• Persistent insecurity in northern and central Mali has had a direct impact on normal agricultural and pastoral livelihoods. Competition between farmers and pastoralists for limited natural resources (pasture, water, etc.) has led to localized conflict in central Mali, specifically parts of Mopti and Segou regions.",3
851,"While one in every five households along the line of contact has a member who was injured in the war, 98% of them have received no state aid or assistance with regard to the injury.",9
5555,"Since the last update of (1 March 2017), 73 new suspect meningitis cases including 13 deaths have been reported from Torit county. All the new cases are from Imurok payam, the most recent locus of transmission.Hence as of 5 March 2018, a total of 107 suspect meningitis cases including 28 deaths (26%) have been reported from Iyire and Imurok payams, Torit county• These findings are consistent with a suspect meningitis outbreak in Torit county.• The suspect cases have been rising since week 6 and the alert threshold for suspect meningitis was surpassed in week 7.",4
8789,"In April, more than 582,000 people were affected by flooding. Of these, over 350,000 people are in need of temporary access to safe drinking water, 100,000 people are in dire need of sanitation, and 450,000 require hygiene promotion support. The cluster estimates that over 100 water sources and 120 sanitation facilities have been partially/totally destroyed by flooding.An estimated $4.2 million is required for the next three months, to address the flooding crisis. Under-served populations, which are highly exposed to disease outbreaks, include much of Jubaland and Hirshabelle.",11
391,"Madagascar’s southern regions have been heavily affected by a prolonged drought, aggravated by the effects of El Niño. According to the recently conducted IPC analysis, 850,000 people from the nine most drought-affected districts are severely food insecure (emergency and crisis phases) and in need of immediate food assistance. Another 128,000 people in IPC 2 phase (stressed), but residing in IPC 4 areas also require assistance, as the risk of deterioration of their food security status remains high.",8
3812,"A TOTAL of 8147 people on the island of Kadavu are in urgent need of food and water after Severe Tropical Cyclone Keni swept through the island, affecting all 75 villages on Tuesday. Divisional Commissioner Eastern Luke Moroivalu said they were aware of the need on the island and his office was working with the National Disaster Management Office to send relief supplies to the 2363 households on Kadavu.Mr Moroivalu said the biggest challenge faced as of yesterday afternoon was that the Vunisea jetty causeway had been washed out and the adverse weather was still an issue, however, he said government officials on the island had been mobilised to ascertain the immediate needs of the people. ",3
6560," Except Betioky and Tsihombe districts, severe food insecurity rates decreased significantly compared with both the situation in March 2016 and August 2016. The national IPC exercise to be conducted in June 2017 will inform on the effective humanitarian situation. ",5
8783,"A total of 369,277 children in ASAL counties require treatment for acute malnutrition (MAM 296,645 and SAM 72,632), as well as 36,988 pregnant and lactating women. This is an increase on February 2017 when the equivalent figures for children were 343,559 (MAM 268,549 and SAM 75,010). The notable increase in MAM and decrease in SAM is attributed to the difference in populations in the computation.",8
6278,"Due to the severe drought, 528,000 children need assistance to stay in school. Nearly half of the approximately 766,000 drought-displaced people are school-age children, according to the Protection and Return Monitoring Network. The majority of these children are vulnerable and an increasing number have no access to education. Further scaledup response is needed to ensure the children access education. Baidoa hosts the largest number of newly displaced children with no access to education.",2
6859,"Humanitarian assistance: Food distribution is ongoing in communes declared to be in Emergency (IPC Phase 4) by the latest National IPC. CRS received 1,870 MT of sorghum in mid -February that will be distributed in Southern Madagascar via their Havelo program, targeting 6,812 Households in the district of Beloha (communes of Marolinta and Tranovaho); and Tsihombe ",3
7414,": The anti-polio vaccination campaign planned to start on Monday (today) in Khyber Agency along with other Fata regions has been postponed for at least a week owing to the delay in laboratory test result of the polio vaccine used in the previous campaign.Local health authorities were all set to send around 700 teams to vaccinate over 200,000 children under age five in all the three sub-divisions of Khyber Agency during the three-day campaign",4
1031,Seventy four per cent of all Syrian refugees in Lebanon do not have legal residency and lack identification documents. They risk arrest and detention. Some have even dropped out of school out of fear of being arrested while travelling to school.,9
6344,"Hunger is expected to intensify in some areas during the lean season before the new crops mature, because of low cereal stock s. At the same time, high food prices will  impede food access (FEWS NET Outlook 2016). Seasonal food price increases coupled with the economic crisis are likely to expose some households to food insecurity. ",3
1068,"In addition to localized flash flooding, the UN reports that late-onset March-to-May long rains have negatively affected agricultural livelihoods in central, northwestern, and southeastern Kenya. Furthermore, the ongoing fall armyworminfestation—an invasive pest native to Latin America that causes damage to maize and other staple crops—has affected more than 353,600 acres of vegetation in 23 of Kenya’s 47 counties, according to the UN Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO). Although the infestation does not constitute a humanitarian crisis alone, crop losses associated with fall armyworm could compound existing, drought-induced humanitarian needs in Kenya. The GoK has outlined a response plan to eradicate the infestation, prioritizing the procurement of pesticides and mass outreach campaigns to educate farmers on pest detection and control methods",3
8007,"Following widespread precipitation in late January, February, and early March, rainfall during the latter half of the spring has been generally below average, adversely affecting the development of rainfed wheat in some areas, particularly in northern and northeastern provinces. It is likely that aggregate wheat production in 2017 will be below last year and the five-year average, due to the localized dryness",3
10671,"These results areas respond to national challenges related to (i) improving and sustaining social progress and environmental sustainability; (ii) capacity development; (iii) accelerated inclusive growth, food security and livelihoods; (iv) gender and youth empowerment; and (v) human welfare and social and child protection. ",5
2225,"In Nigeria’s Benue state, where two school buildings have been reserved by authorities to serve as temporary refugee hosting accommodation, women and their families are forced to sleep inside communal school halls, deprived of private space and the right to family dignity. For them – and for the rest of the population living in temporary tents hastily built next to local residences – sufficient and appropriate shelter is key to ensure adequate registration, systematic aid distribution and reduced protection risks.",9
815,"Voda Donbasa has informed WASH Cluster at midday (Kyiv time) today, 19th December 2017, heavy machine gun fire around the Donetsk Filter station (DFS), then led to shelling. All employees retreated to the bomb shelter reporting ongoing ‘shaking walls’, indicating that some projectiles are falling within the territory of DFS. WASH Cluster has informed OSCE about this and checked that the JCCC in Soledar was informed. Donetsk Filter Station officially provides water to more than 345,000 people) and if it stops, either due to stoppage of the pumps upstream, or due to its own power being cut those people will rely on Verkhnikalmiuske FS, leaving all Donetsk city with only a single filter station working.",11
3681,"Burundi continues to present numerous risk factors of further violent destabilisation and hate speech remains widespread, especially on social media, while authorities appear to being doing little to curtail it.",9
6961,"Due to their marginalization and vulnerability, women with perceived IS ties have endured sexual harassment. Many of them have also been subjected to sexual violence including rape and sexual exploitation. Amnesty International researchers established that sexual exploitation was occurring at every camp visited during the research for this report. The practice was confirmed and described by 26 international NGO workers, national NGO workers and current and former UN officials and 19 members of female-headed households, nine of whom told Amnesty International they had personally been subjected to coercion or pressure to enter into exploitative sexual relationships with men. According to these sources, sexual exploitation is primarily carried out by armed actors present in the camps. These armed actors take advantage of their positions of authority, coercing and pressuring the women to enter sexual relationships in exchange for desperately needed cash, humanitarian aid or protection from other armed actors or men in the camps.",9
2673,"More than 100 gay men 'sent to prison camps' in Chechnya Gay men are being held in “camps” in the Chechen Republic where they are subjected to torture and beatings, human rights campaigners have claimed.  ",9
3718,"In Ethiopia, 51,184 children (6-59 months) were admitted with SAM; in",8
4007,"increased checkpoints and military movement limiting the response. Spontaneous return movement of civilians continues around Raqqa, where nearly 100,000 people have returned to Raqqa city since ISIL were pushed out. However, conditions are not conducive for returns due to unexploded ordnance and improvised explosive device contamination, widespread and severe infrastructural damage, and a lack of basic services. An estimated 70-80 per cent of all buildings inside Raqqa city are destroyed or damaged. On average, since January 2018, approximately 20-25 blast wounded incidents occur per week in Ar-Raqqa city. Children, especially boys, are among the victims which could be explained by warmer weather and the increase of children playing outside, in the rubble and other unsafe areas.2 Also in North-East Syria, shelling near the Fishkhabour border crossing lead Iraqi authorities to temporarily close the border.",10
10488,"Since the declaration of the State of Emergency in the northern states of Nigeria (Adamawa, Borno and Yobe) in May 2013 and the first Boko Haram attacks in south-eastern Niger in February 2015, the country has been facing unprecedented humanitarian challenges. In addition to chronic food insecurity, malnutrition, epidemic and floods, Niger has had to cope with the arrival of thousands of Nigerian refugees in the Diffa region and internal displacement of people fleeing Boko Haram raids and attacks on their villages. Displacements have exacerbated the already fragile livelihoods of host communities who are among some of the poorest of the country. ",8
3595,"In areas recently captured from IS, reports received indicate that civilians remain at risk. In Tabqa the SDF has reportedly imposed a curfew severely restricting freedom of movement. Many IDPs remain stranded in the desert as they are prevented from entering into SDF-controlled areas unless a Kurd from the community provides guarantees for them",9
9993,"'For the past few months we have seen more Libyans,' said Marco Rotunno, who monitors migrant arrivals for UNHCR in Sicily. 'They mostly point to a lack of security as their reason for leaving. They talk about fighting, kidnappings, ransom and armed robberies.' Conditions in Libya have deteriorated sharply since a 2011 uprising that ousted Muammar Gaddafi. Gangs frequently kidnap people for ransom, power and water outages are common, health services have been crippled and residents often have to queue for days to withdraw cash from banks due to a liquidity crisis.",9
10441,"As the vast majority of IDPs reside  in at least partially damaged houses  in  east  Aleppo,  systematic  structural assessments urgently  need to be carried out before any  shelter intervention can take place.  ",10
9287,"Six Palestinians were injured and 500 trees vandalized by Israeli settlers in various incidents. On 4 February, Israeli settlers clashed with Palestinians holding a demonstration against settlement activities in At Tuwani village (Hebron), as a result of which five Israeli settlers and three Palestinians were injured. Two Palestinians were injured following stone-throwing at their vehicles near Al Lubban ash Sharqiya (Nablus) and Huwwara (Nablus). Another Palestinian man was physically assaulted and injured by Israeli settlers, reportedly from Adei Ad settlement outpost (Ramallah), while en route to his land. Next to Al Khadr village (Bethlehem), more than 500 Palestinian-owned trees and saplings were vandalized by Israeli settlers.",0
417,Early reports on Wednesday suggested that at least two persons have been killed and six more injured in the strong earthquake that jolted central and eastern parts of Khorasan Razavi Province in northeastern Iran.,10
6553,"The government has not made public any criteria for the selection of case for the military courts, the location and the times of trials, and the details of the charges against the accused. No independent monitoring of military trials has been allowed. There is no right to appeal military court decisions. Defendants have often been denied the copies of a judgment with the evidence and reasoning.",9
10494,"? Meningitis: In Borno State, no cases of Meningitis were reported. In Yobe, state continued field investigation revealed the detection of 352 CSM cases, including 37 deaths. ",4
2775,There is need for psychosocial support to affected and traumatised households that have lost their loved ones.,4
800,"Six months into the military operation to retake Mosul City from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), civilians continue to have significant humanitarian needs. These needs are most severe among displaced families, both in and out of camps, and vulnerable residents in newly accessible areas.  On 19 February, Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) resumed military operations to retake western Mosul from ISIL. The humanitarian impact has been significant. Since the new offensive began, approximately 330,000 people from west Mosul have been displaced to camps and emergency sites as of 18 April, according to the Government of Iraq.",7
11519,"Some of the country's health centres, both its tertiary hospital and primary care centres, currently have limited capacity due to damage caused by the flooding; therefore, patients are being transferred by air from the damaged health centres to the capital city of San Jose for medical attention.",4
1906,"At least 15 people have died of hunger in greater Likuangule area in South Sudan’s Boma State since May, a local official said.Speaking to Radio Tamazuj on Wednesday, Lelubo County Commissioner, John Koko Mazi said citizens living in greater Likuangule are facing shortages of food and lack of basic services.He confirmed that at least 15 people have died of hunger so far. “People in Likuangule are suffering, they are dying from hunger and diseases, and even animals are dying due to the harsh conditions,” he said.",3
3930,"Another nine Palestinian-owned structures were also demolished or confiscated, during the reporting period in the West Bank for lack of Israeli-issued building permits, which are almost impossible to obtain. As a result, eight people were displaced, including six children, and 34 people were otherwise affected. Additionally, the Israeli authorities confiscated around 20 tons of wood belonging to three charcoal factories in the Area B town of Ya’bad (Jenin), citing the violation of environmental regulations, and affecting the livelihoods of two families",5
4706,"So far, 20,016 suspected Measles cases with 108 laboratory confirmed cases and 110 deaths (CFR, 0. 55%) have been reported in 2017 from 36 States and FCT (Figure 4) compared with 23,809 suspected cases and 100 deaths (CFR, 0.42%) from 36 States and FCT during the same period in 2016",4
2721,"In Somali Region, the water crisis is deepening, with an anticipated 1.2 million people remaining affected by water shortages. In Oromia region, over 300 000 people continue to suffer from water shortages and require emergency water trucking services.",11
5682,"According to the numbers provided by migration authorities, there are almost 53,000 Venezuelans residing in the country. However, the real number of Venezuelans is unknown and could be significantly higher, including those with protection needs.",9
9152,"As food stocks atypically decline at the end of August, the majority of poor households are expected to remain in Stressed (IPC Phase 2), but additional households in Kilifi, Kwale, and Taita Taveta will likely move to Crisis (IPC Phase 3).",3
743,"A majority of women said they were concerned about the future. Their children were not registered in schools because they did not know whether or not they would return back to their homes and had very low income. Men reported the lack of job opportunities as their top concern and that sending children to work was one way of coping. Almost all women interviewed listed the lack of shelter, water and health services as their top unmet need.",11
11055,"Kafr Zeta Hospital, in the suburbs of northern Hama, was put out of service today, after being attacked for the past two days. The hospital was indirectly hit on Sunday causing minor damage to the facility. Today, at 2:30p.m. Damascus time, the hospital was directly targeted and attacked with several airstrikes, causing damage to the facility and putting it out of service. ",4
149,"The chairperson of the Relief and Rehabilitation Commission in Yei River State, Peter Butili Farajallah says more than 16,000 South Sudanese refugees who fled Lainya County as a result of the conflict to neighboring Uganda two years ago, have returned to the area.Butili said a majority of the returnees mostly women, the elderly and children left the various camps in Uganda following reports of improved security in Yei and are in dire need of humanitarian assistance.“I can confirm that these people came on footing on their own to the area and they are in need of emergence food assistance so that they are able to stand on their own again,” he said.Mr. Butili also said two humanitarian organizations-ZOA and the Islamic Relief have pledge to deliver emergency one month food assistance to the vulnerable there.",3
10218,A report by NGO Action contre La Faim (ACF) on coverage assessment conducted in Rakhine State in Myanmar in 2016 revealed that there are cultural barriers among the population regarding SAM treatment,8
11445,"From 1 August to 3 November 2017, a total of 1 947 confirmed, probable and suspected cases of plague, including 143 deaths (case fatality rate 7%), have been reported from 51 of 114 districts in the country. Of these, 1 437 (74%) were clinically classified as pulmonary plague, 295 (15%) were bubonic plague, one was septicaemic, and 211 were not yet classified (further classification of cases is in process). Since the beginning of the outbreak, 71 healthcare workers (with no deaths) have been affected. Of the 1 437 clinical cases of pneumonic plague, 364 (25%) have been confirmed, 555 (39%) are probable and 518 (36%) remain suspected (additional laboratory results are in process). Twenty-three strains of Yersinia pestis have been isolated and are sensitive to antibiotics recommended by the National Program for the Control of Plague. Overall, 16 of 22 (73%) regions in Madagascar have been affected. Analamanga Region has been the most affected, with 72% (1 405) of all recorded cases.",4
7255,"• UNICEF provided 20 vehicles funded by the German Government to support the mobile health and nutrition teams in Afar and Somali regions. These vehicles will enable the teams to provide health and nutrition services in remote areas of these two regions, which are now affected by the Indian Ocean Dipole drought.  ",5
5283,"Because of its past experience, MSF’s return to Somalia is both cautious and modest. Its planned medical and humanitarian programmes in Puntland will be on a limited scale for now. MSF’s presence in Somalia, the scope of its programmes and the potential expansion of its activities to other regions in Somalia will fully depend on the acceptance, facilitation and active support received from the authorities and communities that MSF serves.",4
5221,"High rainfall intensity has triggered flooding in Bulungan and Nunukan districts, North Kalimantan Province. In Nunukan, flood has submerged 5,037 houses and affected nearly 1,500 families. Meanwhile in Bulungan, 296 people were displaced due to the flood. ",10
10645,"UN figures show that 52% of girls in South Sudan are married by the age of 18 (and nearly one in 10 by the age of 15), but activists say the numbers are rising.",9
6603,"Concerns are growing over a health epidemic with a sharp rise in severe gastrointestinal cases, according to a doctor from Ibn Nafis Hospital in Damascus. ",4
4107,"• 14.8 million people require assistance to ensure adequate access to healthcare – 8.8 million of whom are in acute need. This represents a 76 per cent increase since late 2014, illustrating the magnitude of the health system’s collapse after 19 months of conflict.",4
5565,13 Jan rains: 64 people affected. 1 education centre and 1 health center. 7 land areas affected and one road cut. ,4
2823,"In the Belg producing areas of Southern Nations, Nationalities and People’s (SNNP) region, due to the delayed rains, the Belg harvest is expected to be delayed until August thus leading to increased food insecurity.The Belg rains (February to May) have improved the availability of water, contributing to the regeneration of pasture and Belg crops plantation. However, in Somali region the overall performance of the rains is reported to be insufficient and limited availability of water and adequate pasture is expected to continue until the next rains in October 2017. ",3
6995,"During this period, Minimal (IPC Phase 1) acute food insecurity outcomes are expected to persist throughout the country. However, some of the worst affected households during the drought could still be rebuilding their livelihoods and could face Stressed (IPC Phase 2) or Crisis (IPC Phase 3) acute food insecurity outcomes and still require food assistance. The SETSAN May/June food security assessment may specifically reveal where these households may exist and what type of future assistance may be required.",3
1928,"Due to marginalization and the lack of protection from central authorities, displaced populations are the first victims of eviction. ",9
1974,"Crisis (IPC Phase 3) could be observed in the Diffa region on Niger and in the Lake Chad region where the security crisis continue to disrupt main livelihoods and the normal functioning of markets which are experiencing significant increases in food prices. In Chad, the gradual resumption of trade with Libya following the opening of the border is contributing to improved food security conditions in the region of Borkou-Ennedi-Tibesti (BET) and Bahr El Gazal (BEG), and will assist in bringing areas currently in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) to Stressed (IPC Phase 2).",3
8058,"The number of meals per day is 1.4 and the average Coping Strategy Index is 19.3 reflecting a more precarious food security situation than in the rest of the country. Vulnerable households living in crisis areas face difficult access to food as the majority has not been able to resume income generating activities. The cumulative effects of the crisis have greatly affected the livelihoods of populations, even of returnees. Since the military-political events of 2013, the country is experiencing an unprecedented humanitarian crisis increasing the vulnerability of already chronically vulnerable households.",8
10850,"Conditions in reception centers are extremely poor. Over-crowded shelters are not able to   accommodate all arrivals who are forced to remain outside exposed to the sun and rain.   Many children are suffering from diarrhea, fever and malaria. There is an urgent need for   multi-sector humanitarian assistance, including food, shelter, medicines, and hygiene and   sanitation equipment. ",4
6851,"This year, the first cases of person to person to transmission via pneumonic plague have occurred. The first death of a patient infected with the plague was notified on the 27th of August. A total of 20 districts across Madagascar have reported cases of the plague and as of 3 October, the cumulative number of cases is 194 with 50 deaths (case fatality rate 15.5) recorded, 124 of these cases being recorded as pneumonic transmission. ",4
4015,"? New agricultural season about to start, but production constraints continue to prevail ? Some recovery in 2017 cereal production due to better rains and localized improvements in security, but still less than half of pre-conflict average ? Food security situation severely impacted by prolonged conflict, especially for most vulnerable groups ? About 6.9 million people food insecure",3
4344,"In WD, health partners (16 NGOs besides SMoH, WHO, UNICEF and UNFPA) have heavy presence is in the capital locality of West Darfur, El Geneina (11 partners) followed by Zallingei (7 partners) in addition to the SMoH (Table 4). In other localities, SMoH alongside 2?4 partners manage the HFs except in Mukjar locality where SMoH has almost no Presence. In any given locality, a partner manages from 1?9 HFs.   123 (78%) out of the 157 HFs in WD is fully managed and supported by the NGOs and UN agencies, while only 34 (22%) is managed by SMoH, and it worth mentioning that half of this 34 SMoH clinics also receives supports from NGOs (ISRA and MEDAIR) and UN agencies (WHO, UNICEF and UNFPA).   Almost all RHs and mobile clinics, 75% PHCCs, 66% of the BHUs receive supports by WHO, UNICEF, and UNFPA. IMC is fully running a rural hospital in Mukjar locality",4
3613,"In Azerbaijan, Another Blogger Gets Jail Time On March 3, 2017, popular video blogger Mehman Huseynov was sentenced in Baku to two years on charges of slander.",9
9714,"Panic is spreading among Cairo's Uyghur community as Egyptian security forces round up students in raids on houses, schools and mosques as part of a crackdown apparently carried out at the behest of the Chinese government. ",9
2140,"Southern Angola is experiencing a chronic nutrition crisis stemming from the combined impacts of economic shock, limited rainfall and the deteriorating quality and outreach of basic services. Access to water remains limited, with twothirds of water points non-operational in affected areas, and over 700,000 people in need of clean drinking water. Belowaverage rain during the last months has resulted in large moisture deficits and below-average vegetation conditions in north western Angola. Although food security has improved, higher prices are constraining access to food and increasing the risk of malnutrition for thousands of children. Many of these children are still experiencing the impacts of the El Niño phenomenon, which left 756,000 people in need of food assistance",8
1112," Vulnerable residents, particularly those people in newly accessible areas, are in urgent need of drinking water, food, and trauma care. ",4
6303,"The Central Steering Committee for Natural Disaster Prevention and Control reported flooding in Ha Giang, Lao Cai, Dien Bien, Yen Bai, Tuyen Quang, Thai Nguyen, Lai Chau, Bac Kan, Cao Bang, Binh Thuan and An Giang Provinces. The incident has caused 1 death, 1 missing and 4 injured. A total of 579 houses and 1,500 ha paddy fields were reportedly inundated.  Landslide has affected three districts in Ca Mau Province. At least 25 houses were damaged.",10
2108," In the Northeast, rainfall performance varied across districts and livelihood zones. Moderate rainfall was reported in Hawd Pastoral livelihood zone of Burtinle and Garowe Districts, but all remaining areas of Nugaal and northern Mudug received little or no rainfall. In Bari Region, localized, moderate rainfall was reported in Qardho, Iskushuban, and Bandarbeyla of Northern Inland Pastoral livelihood zone, pockets of Bandarbeyla of Coastal Deeh livelihood zone, and Qandala and Iskushuban of East Golis livelihood zone. All other areas of Bari Region received little or no rainfall. ",0
8332," Meanwhile, up to 60 per cent of South Sudanese refugee children in Sudan are estimated to be out of school. Education support is critically needed for ensuring children have an education, and it also serves to enhance their protection. ",2
4787,"In Haiti, since the beginning of the outbreak at the end of 2014 up to EW 6 of 2018, there have been 410 probable cases of diphtheria reported, including 75 deaths.1 Reported case-fatality rates were 22.3% in 2015, 27% in 2016 and 10.7% in 2017 and 2018. During the first four epidemiological weeks of 2018, 2 to 5 probable cases per EW were reported similar to that observed during the last four weeks of 2017. Females accounted for 57% of the total probable cases in 2015, 50% in 2016, 60% in 2017, and 47% in 2018 (up to EW 6). With respect to vaccination coverage, between 2015 and 2018 the unvaccinated cases accounted for 17% (2018) to 38% (2015) of the total cases. Children less than 10 years of age accounted for 64% of the probable cases reported between 2017 to EW 4 of 2018.Since the beginning of the outbreak the departments reporting the highest number of probable cases are Artibonite, Centre, and Ouest.",4
11593,"4,373 SAM Children admitted in OTPs and NRUs in April 2017 ",8
2643,"Ban Khlong Loi village in tambon Ronthong was the worst hit area. Many families have been forced out of their homes and rubber plantations inundated. Several power poles were uprooted, causing widespread blackouts.",0
11232,"he latest IPC analysis, valid for the period June-September 2017, about 3.4 million people are estimated to be severely food insecure. Major concerns are for conflict-affected areas of South Kordofan and Darfur states, where poor households and IDPs face constrained access to livelihoods and income sources and are affected by the early depletion of cereal stocks due to localized production shortfalls during the 2016 season.",3
8932,"An ongoing cholera outbreak in Yemen has killed at least 180 people and infected 11,000 others since April 27. The United Nations estimates that two-thirds of Yemenis lack access to clean drinking water. Hospitals in Sana’a reported the majority of cases, with 115 deaths. The recent outbreak also reached Aden, Abyan, Shabwah, Ibb, and Taiz governorates in central and southern Yemen. ",4
1280,An estimated 25 per cent of Households (HH) have children with protection needs including  unaccompanied minors and separated children2. ,9
2617,"the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights learned that a child was killed by the shots of the Turkish border guards, while he was trying to cross to the Turkish side, and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights learned that tens of citizens mostly students carried out a demonstration in Qameshly city, in which they demanded the “Arabic language teaching”, as well as reopening al-Oruba School in the city of al-Qameshly at the border with Turkey, they also declared their rejection of the curriculums imposed by the self-administration on them and on the schools that are under the control of the Kurdish Forces in Al-Hasaka province, this demonstration came after what sources confirmed to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights about the closure by the Education Body of the self-administration in Al-Jazeera province for 3 schools, among them is al-Oruba School for the Brilliant Students, because they refused to teach the curriculum imposed by the self-administration.",9
2603,"Placing Mindanao under martial law empowers the Philippine military to supersede civilian authorities in enforcing the law. Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana said that the military will have “control of movement, searches and arrest of detained people, [and] suspension of writ of habeas corpus.” On May 24, the Department of National Defense appropriately issued a statement that all military personnel are “enjoined that the rule of law and human rights should prevail” wherever martial law is in effect.",9
3015,"Despite resumed commercial activity following the end of the siege on Deir-ez-Zor city, humanitarian conditions remain dire due to severely damaged water and sewage systems and lack of access basic services, including essential health care services. The siege and current military operations have damaged health care facilities and caused significant population displacement, severely disrupting health care services. Al Assad Hospital is the only functional government-managed hospital in Deir-ez-Zor city, while none of the government hospitals in surrounding communities are operational. Consumable medical supplies, medicines, ambulances, and food are among the most urgent needs within Deir-ez-Zor city, according to recent remote humanitarian assessments.",11
4373,"The 2017 Gu rains started late, ended early and were below average in most parts of Somalia. The Gu season cereal harvest, which is estimated at 78 400 tonnes, is 37 percent lower than the long-term (1995-2016) average. Gu/Karan cereal production in northwest Somalia is estimated at 6 500 tonnes, 87 percent lower than the 2010-2016 average. As a result, poor households in crop-dependent livelihood zones of the northwest and southern Somalia have little or no food stocks. Farm labor opportunities were also limited. In pastoral areas affected by protracted and persistent drought, livestock production and reproduction have declined sharply. Depletion of livestock assets due to distress sales and mortality has contributed to increased indebtedness and destitution among many pastoralists. As a result, most rural livelihood zones of Somalia are classified as Crisis (IPC Phase 3) or Emergency (IPC Phase 4).",5
2016,"A survey conducted by the Department of Social Welfare in South Darfur has showed a significant increase in the number of mentally ill people in the region.“Preliminary results of the survey revealed that at least 423 people in South Darfur are mentally ill.“The spread of madmen in the streets of Nyala may be very dangerous,” he warned, and pointed to the importance of establishing a special section for mental and neurological patients at the Nyala Teaching Hospital.   “There is not a single clinic for psychiatric disorders in the state, which has greatly exacerbated the conditions of the patients, and forced many families to send their mentally ill relatives to El Tijani El Mahi Psychiatric Hospital in Khartoum,” he said.",4
1241,"234 schools completely damaged, 1,265 schools partially damaged, 143 Schools hosting IDPs, 24 schools occupied by armed groups. ",2
4503,"The most urgent needs reported are: food and non-food item assistance for IDPs, as well as food, water, non-food items and medical assistance for migrants and refugees.",11
3175,"Rohingya Muslim crisis: 145,000 children fleeing Burma face malnutrition Of the half a million Rohingya refugees that have poured into Bangladesh, approximately 145,000 are children under the age of five at risk of malnutrition.  According to the Disasters Emergency Committee charity, at least 14,000 Rohingya refugee children in Bangladesh are already suffering from “severe acute malnutrition.”  More than 50,000 pregnant and breastfeeding women are also in dire need of proper food rations.It “has put huge pressure on host communities and basic services,” he explained.  An inundation of illegal drugs over the Burmese border and smaller share of existing food and clean water resources are concerns for poorer villagers in the region.",8
4312,"Two hundred and fifty victims of snake bite have died in the last three weeks in Plateau and Gombe States, following an acute scarcity of snake anti-venom drugs in the country. The figure represents the number of confirmed deaths from three snake treatment centres – General Hospital, Kaltungo, Ali Mega Pharmacy, Gombe and Comprehensive Medical Centre, Zamko, Plateau State.Medics, who spoke with newsmen at the three treatment centres, said that the cases of snake bites were usually very common during the harvest season.“The shortage of the drug has led to a sharp rise in the prices of other options. It has also led to the production of fake and adulterated vaccines, which have caused deaths and deformities,’’ he said. ",0
11154,"In Moyale district, 80 per cent of pastoralists derive 70 per cent of their income from livestock sales and products. Shortage of pasture and water due to recurrent drought has adversely affected livestock production resulting in poor livestock body condition, death of new-borns and occurrence of livestock diseases. A total of 137 livestock have died and 71 cattle are diseased and there is a decline in livestock market prices. In Kindo and Koysha district natural pasture has dried up due to the drought. A total of 139,368 cattle, 27,696 goats and 9,213 sheep remain at risk of starvation. Cattle are visibly losing weight and are too weak to travel to find water and pasture. Children are reportedly dropping out of school to look for water for livestock. While in Bena Tsemay and Hamer districts high death rates of cattle are reported. The cattle are prone to diseases like bovine pastoralises due to low immunity they have as a result of the lack of fodder and water",5
5912,"Many drugs companies have erred on the side of caution, avoiding any business with Syria for fear of inadvertently falling foul of the sanctions.",4
9710,"s, it's easy to give up on Iraq. Television cameras don't lie. When they capture the aftermath of terrorist bombings, beheadings, or Shiite militiamen ca",7
2737,"Taiz and Hodeidah, traditionally food producing governorates, have been the focus of intense violence in the two years since the current crisis escalated.These two governorates have the highest rates of global acute malnutrition in the country, ranging from 17 percent in Taiz City to 25 percent in Hodeidah. The emergency threshold set by the World Health Organization is 15 percent.",8
11150,"The current dyer rains and flooding are causing further damage to already weak shelters, leaving many without shelter.",10
5254,"To date, there have been a total of 15,170 Extremely Vulnerable Individuals (EVI) cases identified, 458 cases of GBV identified and assisted, 4,198 individuals provided with PFA, 1,826 facilitated Health Referrals, and 30 Victims of Trafficking(VOTs) identified. This week, six news VoTs were identified and received case management services. In coordination with the Site Management sector, three VoTs were given access to Cash for Work assistance.",9
11245,Pakistan's decision to close two border crossings with Afghanistan following a wave of deadly attacks has forced cross-border trade to grind to a halt.The crossing is a way of making ends meet for many. It is usually packed with cargo-filled trucks and minibuses crammed with passengers.  ,5
11048,"A three days (17-19 October) strike was declared in the Al ‘Isawiya neighborhood of East Jerusalem, in protest of Israeli police operations in the vicinity of schools. Classes were suspended in ten schools affecting 6,000 students, as part of a strike declared by the parents’ committee. Recurrent search and arrest operations in this area have triggered clashes within the school vicinities, resulting in injuries and anxiety among children",2
9116,"• The lack of sustained access by all teams to IDP sites has become an issue. • There is an urgent need to grant access to other areas in EG in order to support the population and returnees in Saqba, Harasta and Zamalka with basic health service.",4
11894,"ISIL continues to systematically attack and persecute vulnerable ethnic and religious minorities, including Christians, Shabak, Yazidis and Turkmen, causing their mass displacement. The UN Assistance Mission for Iraq (UNAMI) and OHCHR have reported that ISIL's violations, 'may amount to war crimes, crimes against humanity and possibly genocide.' The Commission of Inquiry on Syria has also reported that ISIL 'has committed the crime of genocide as well as multiple crimes against humanity and war crimes against the Yazidis' in Iraq. It is estimated that approximately 1,500 Yazidi women and girls remain enslaved by ISIL. Numerous mass graves of members of the Yazidi community have been discovered in northwestern Iraq since 2014.",9
2520,"Another 5,000 to 6,000 refugees are living in government established camps. Conditions in  the camps are better, with greater access to non-food items (NFIs). However, these refugees are still vulnerable,  particularly to cold-related health issues. Many live in unheated tents. At least six migrants across Serbia have died  due to the cold weather since the beginning of January 2017.  ",7
4084,"Between 1 August and 15 October 2017, a total of 849 cases (suspected, probable and confirmed) including 67 deaths (case fatality rate 7.9%) have been reported from 37 (32.5%) out of 114 districts in the country. Of these, 568 cases (67%) were clinically classified as pneumonic plague, 155 (18.3%) were bubonic plague, one case was septicaemic plague, and 125 cases were unspecified. At least 39 healthcare workers have contracted plague since the beginning of the outbreak.  Of the 849 reported cases, 78 (9.2%) were confirmed, 304 (35.8%) were classified as probable after testing positive on rapid diagnostic tests (RDT) and 467 (55%) remain suspected.",4
11552,"The contamination levels of unexploded ordinance (UXO) and booby-traps in newly-seized areas is reportedly very high, particularly in the area south of Ain Issa town and around Ar-Raqqa city.No clear records are available on the number of causalities but humanitarian actors indicate an estimate of 40 persons killed by mines while fleeing the area.",9
3210,"It took weeks for convoys to reach much of the province, and since then, there have been near continual complaints about distribution, while concerns about the spread of disease mount.",4
1304,"The displaced of Camp Kassab of Kutum locality in North Darfur complain of the deterioration of the educational process in the camp, as well as a high school dropout rate among the pupils.",2
8065,"Most new arrivals came to the sites due to insecurity (48%) or for access to food (32%). Nearly all those exiting the sites left to manage their farms (81%), which is expected since July is the start of the harvest season.",3
3069,"To further facilitate safe returns, the ongoing efforts to remove UXOs and debris need to continue. ",6
7358,"Findings from WFP’s large scale market assessment in August 2017 show that markets in Borno, Yobe and Adamawa could handle a 25 percent increase in demand. However, most markets can neither handle a 50 percent or 100 percent increase in demand. Therefore, scale-up of CBT interventions should be gradual.",3
229,"Earthquake: 8,425 affected population, 7,835 IDP, 1,685 partially or totally damaged houses, 12 partially damaged schools, 5 damaged road sections, 6 damaged bridges, 1 damaged and closed airport, 1 inacessible seaport",10
8949,"In addition to the personal losses of homes and crops, more than 716 schools, numerous health facilities, and the existing sanitation infrastructure all suffered damage. ",0
1739," Syrian government forces have also continued the illegal use of chemical weapons. On Sunday, 25 February, at least 18 people were treated for symptoms consistent with exposure to chlorine gas in the al-Shayfouniya area of eastern Ghouta. One child died.",9
8931,"According to the sources who provided the photographs of Jamshed’s family members to this newspaper, the Pakistan army is indiscriminately using chemical weapons in Waziristan and in certain areas of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, both areas dominated by Pashtuns—apart from Balochistan. ",9
3509,"UNICEF and partners screened 177,359 children for malnutrition, of whom 9,039 children had been identified with severe acute malnutrition (SAM) and admitted to treatment (july August)",8
414,"Eighty-three percent of children who enrol complete primary school, but less than half of them complete middle school and even fewer children progress onward.",2
1975,"Explosive remnants of war (ERW) were reported in all assessed mahallas, and landmines were reported along the main roads leading out of Derna. KIs in all assessed mahallas reported injuries or casualties attributable to explosive hazards.",9
5178, There is also an increased risk of malnutrition among children due to food shortages and poor WASH and access to health services in the short -term and diarrhea and abdominal conditions are also likely to occur if the populations are not provided with safe drinking water and hygiene through adequate sanitation. ,11
10479,"The Kenya Meteorological Department outlook for the ‘long rains’ between March to May indicates that depressed rainfall is expected, particularly in the Arid and Semi-Arid Lands. ",5
8013,"The 25 April 2015 earthquake and its aftershocks killed 9,000 people nationwide and left an estimated 3.5 million homeless. Reconstruction has generally been slow everywhere in Nepal, but advocates for survivors like 70-year-old Tamang say the homes of widowed and elderly women have largely been overlooked in the rebuilding process.In an attempt to speed up reconstruction, the government has set a July deadline for Nepalis to apply for additional funding to rebuild their destroyed homes.But setting a deadline likely won’t help women in rural areas who have limited support to navigate the process of applying for funds. They often lack the skills needed to rebuild on their own in areas where construction labour is scarce. Rights advocates add that pervasive discrimination makes it even harder for women to recover.",10
9504,"ight people have been killed and 16 others injured in an avalanche in Shahr-e-Bozerg district of northeastern Badakhshan province, the Afghanistan Natural Disaster Management Authority (ANDMA) said on Monday",1
1402," Over 76,000 Gambians crossed into Senegal during the month of January due to the tense political situation in Gambia. In addition, more than 160,000 people fled the capital, Banjul, to their home villages. At the end of January, with the end of the political standoff, Gambians began returning with the assistance of the Gambian government and the Red Cross.",9
3007,"Afghanistan is also facing a national nutrition crisis, with an estimated 236,000 children in dire need of treatment for severe acute malnutrition (SAM).",8
3399,"Moreover, since March 2017, solely in the Prefecture of Ouham, Northern CAR, 16 attacks against humanitarians have been reported. Faced with this targeted violence, four major humanitarian organizations have decided to temporarily suspend their activities in areas where threats imposed to them have reached a climax. Their staff will be redeployed to Bangui until their security and safety is assured. At the same time, other organizations have decided to strictly reduce their presence to life-saving activities. They do not, however, exclude withdrawing completely if attacks against them were to persist.  ",6
4347,"As these families were being displaced, groups within the Popular Mobilization Forces (PMF), also known as the al-Hashd al-Sha'abi, destroyed some of their homes, forced some parents to leave children behind, stole some of the families’ livestock, and beat at least three of the men.",10
425,"More 150 displaced people mostly women and children from Bazia area have fled to Agok village within Wau State, some 8 kilometres southeast of Wau town.  In interviews conducted by Radio Tamazuj yesterday, several displaced families said they left their homes in Bazia due to lack of food.  The families further said they were suffering due to hunger, besides the atrocities allegedly being committed against the locals by government troops. They pointed out that they walked on foot for five days to reach Agok area on Thursday last week",3
690,"In a sea of hundreds of thousands of refugees, it’s easy to see how unaccompanied children, people with disabilities and older people might miss out on humanitarian assistance and that’s why RedR Australia has deployed a protection advisor to support the World Food Programme (WFP)’s response to the crisis.",1
5133,"The 2017 General Election, therefore, rightly raised grave concerns about likely resurgence of widespread sexual violence and whether the government would act decisively to prevent such assaults, take action against alleged attackers and appropriately assist the victims. And even with incomplete information, initial reports link sexual assaults to the elections. Women's rights groups and activists allege that police raped and sexually harassed women and girls, especially after the electoral commission declared President Uhuru Kenyatta the winner.Human Rights Watch (HRW) obtained credible reports of election-related sexual violence in Kisumu and Nairobi, especially Dandora.  The question now is whether the authorities will promptly investigate the allegations and seek justice for the victims or, as in the past, ignore these abuses and victims' suffering.",9
7233,"Malnutrition among children and women of reproductive age remains a nationwide problem. Most children under 24 months, and 50 per cent of pregnant and breastfeeding women have insufficient dietary diversity leading to micronutrient deficiencies and unacceptably high prevalence of chronic and acute malnutrition. Chronic food insecurity, as well as poor water and sanitation are main contributors to chronic undernutrition in the country. Complementing nutritionspecific and nutrition-sensitive interventions are necessary to help address the intergenerational cycle of undernutrition. While no national survey has been conducted since 2012, the expansion of UNICEF’s Community Management of Acute Malnutrition (CMAM) programme demonstrates a significant increase in demand for treatment of SAM.",8
11910,"viphtheria - Cox’s Bazar in Bangladesh: Disease outbreak news (13 December 2017)From 3 November 2017 through 12 December 2017, a total of 804 suspected diphtheria cases including 15 deaths were reported among the displaced Rohingya population in Cox’s Bazar (Figure 1). The first suspected case was reported on 10 November 2017 by a clinic of Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) in Cox’s Bazar.  Of the suspected cases, 73% are younger than 15 years of age and 60% females (the sex for one percent cases was not reported). Fourteen of 15 deaths reported among suspected diphtheria cases were children younger than 15 years of age. To date, no cases of diphtheria have been reported from local communities. ",4
1951,"Currently, fewer than 50,000 people in Djibouti are experiencing Crisis (IPC 3) or worse levels of acute food insecurity.* This population is primarily composed of poor pastoral households in southeastern Djibouti who have not yet rebuilt their herds following three years of poor rainfall, as well as refugees who are dependent on humanitarian assistance.",3
10869,"In the town of Kisumu, hospital staff and county government officials confirmed that at least 100 people, mostly men, were seriously injured in the beatings and shootings. Many others did not go to a hospital for treatment for fear of being further targeted or arrested. As of August 17, at least 92 people with serious injuries, including 3 women who said police raped them, had not sought any medical help, according to Edris Omondi, the chairperson of the makeshift Kisumu county Disaster Management Center that was registering those affected by the violence and police abuses.",9
4903,"Talking to The Daily Star, many people who arrived at the shelters yesterday said they feared there might be more landslides amid the pouring rain. They urged the government to ensure the supply of other necessary items like medicine, brush, soap, towel, blanket, etc.",7
1183,"Erratic and insufficient rainfall has seriously affected dairy and agricultural production and the income derived therefrom, in western agropastoral areas. Of the 551,266 people living in Stress (IPC Phase 2), due to protection gap of livelihood for four consecutive years, approximately 137817 (25For percent) considered very poor, might also know of consumer deficits that will put, between January and May, in a situation of crisis (IPC Phase 3). WFP continues to provide food and monetary assistance to 51,577 Malian refugees in Mberra.",3
5401,"Islamic State militants have killed dozens of civilians attempting to flee Mosul in recent days, hanging several dead bodies from electricity poles as Iraqi forces fight to retake the city, witnesses said.",9
10737,KMC’s lab finds 99pc water samples unfit for humans ,11
3674,"AWD is a common cause of morbidity that currently accounts for 10% consultations in the nonconflict-affected states and IDP sites respectively (Fig. 1a, 1b). The overall AWD incidence [cases per 100,000] in the reporting week was 65 in the nonconflict-affected areas with Gbudwe, Amadi, and Maridi (435) and Aweil, Aweil East, and Lol states (116) states being the most affected (Fig. 12). In the IDP sites, AWD morbidity is higher when compared to the same period of 2015 and 2014 (Fig. 13).",4
2086,"Maize is referred to as a 'politicised crop' in Zambia because of government interventions to support it. Zambia's government has promoted maize more than other crops such as cassava, millet and sorghum, a fact that could make reflection challenging. ",1
11462,"In twenty-one months, at least 2,748 died, around 100,000 lost their homes, and up to 400,000 were temporarily displaced. Turkish security forces conducted hundreds of operations in urban and rural areas of the south east, while the PKK – after a period of intense clashes in urban centres and attacks with improvised explosive devices (IEDs) also in western cities of Turkey – returned to fighting in rural areas in June 2016",10
6466,"Large parts of Damascus have survived almost six years of conflict in Syria relatively unscarred, but shortages of fuel and electricity, spiralling prices and a lack of jobs mean the lives of its residents are far from unscathed.  ",7
11567,"Refugees have reportedly endured difficult living conditions inside camps due to food and medicine shortages, as well as bad weather conditions.",4
8702,"An estimated 288,400 people need nutrition assistance out of the all the newly arrived refugees as of 3 October 2017.  149,350 children under 5 and 51,500 pregnant and lactating women need malnutrition prevention and treatment support through nutritious supplementary food. 14,562 severely acute malnourished children require inpatient and outpatient treatment",8
5774,"The UN Independent Expert on Sudan expressed concern about reports that the security forces were using violence, intimidation and other forms of abuse to silence women across the country. ",9
6739,"• More than one million people are currently displaced in the Kasai region, of which 60 per cent come from Central Kasai. This figure has more than doubled compared to the first situation report, due to methodological improvements and new data.",9
7491,"Meanwhile, earlier in the day shots were fired inside Al-Jalaa hospital after an apparent disagreement between a patient and hospital worker.",4
2268,"This week between 4,300 and 10,000 people transited through Hammam Al-Alil daily from west Mosul.Families reported that the continuous fighting, shelling, airstrikes, targeting of civilians attempting to flee, and the lack of food, water, and basic services are the main reasons of forced displacement",11
11138,"Furthermore, the Emergency Food Security Assessment shows alarming levels of food insecurity among CAR refugee households in isolated settlements in host villages (84 percent are food insecure), local households hosting refugees (almost two thirds are food insecure) and even local households which are not hosting refugees (47 percent are food insecure). Food insecurity affects more harshly women-headed and/or single-parent households.",3
8336,"If the rate of displacement continues at 20,000 individuals per day, currently operational camps in the south, east, and north of Mosul could be full by early next week. ",10
3445,"829,272 people in IPC 3 and 4 from March to May 2017. 19,374 people in IPC 4. 808,898 in IPC 3",3
10670,"Food security is likely to further improve in agropastoral areas through June, with average or above-average Gu harvests, though households in riverine areas are likely to experience crop losses due to flooding. Herd sizes will increase in November with births during the forecast average Deyr season. However, Crisis (IPC Phase 3) is likely in most northern and central areas in the absence of assistance, and Emergency (IPC Phase 4) is likely in Guban Pastoral livelihood zone. ",3
9117,"Since December 2016, a new cholera outbreak was reported in Cibitoke Province with a total of 169 cases (no deaths), 84 males and 85 females, 26 per cent were children under five years. Since the beginning of the crisis, Burundi is becoming highly prone to cholera outbreaks due to the deterioration of WaSH services and increased lack of access to safe and potable water, especially in the provinces bordering Lake Tanganyika and cross border areas with DRC and Tanzani",4
2915,"'There is a 60 per cent spurt in demand for MNREGS jobs. If they are cut, then it would be a very cruel cut. This demand is because of loss of jobs and. I sincerely hope that this government will not make this cardinal mistake of cutting expenditure,' he said. ",5
10620,"At least 68 fighters have been killed in two days of fierce battles between Yemeni forces and Houthi rebels near the strategic Bab al-Mandab strait, military officials said Sunday.  Government forces launched on Saturday an assault to recapture the coastal Dhubab district, just 30km north of Bab al-Mandab, which links the Red Sea and the Indian Ocean.  Since then at least 55 Houthis have been killed in fighting and 72 others wounded, military and medical sources said.",4
6556,"Cyclone Eliakim passed along the eastern coast of Madagascar in mid-March, damaging clove crops in Analanjirofo region during their flowering stage. Vanilla was less affected. Some severe flooding was reported by OCHA in ricefields in Maroantsetra, and less severe flooding in Mandritsara and Ambilobe.  Fall armyworm is present throughout Madagascar. It is estimated to be responsible for an 80 to 90 percent loss of crops in infested fields that have not received treatment, such as many areas of the southwest, where fields are often left untreated because farmers cannot afford treatment options. This has exacerbated the poor crop production in the southwest that also received poor and erratic rainfall that decreased famers’ ability to plant. In the highlands of Madagascar, where treatments have been used, crop loss is estimated at 20 to 25 percent. Overall this will contribute to below-average national maize production.  Despite flooding caused by Cyclone Ava in January, rice fields in Vakinakratra region have not been significantly damaged and are expected to have near average production this year. This region is the third largest rice producing region, and normally provides 18 percent of national rice production. Nationally, rice production in all regions is expected to be better than last year except for the southwest that suffered from dryness, and areas near Antananarivo that suffered flooding.  Staple prices are starting to decrease with the early harvest of rice and the beginning of maize harvests, but prices remain above average due to below average production. In mid-February 2018, OdR data showed that the average price of imported rice in 18 markets was at MGA 1,833, a decrease of 5 percent compared to January 2018, but 4 percent higher than last year at the same time, and 37 percent above the 5-year average. High prices for both imported and local rice persist although markets are well supplied.  Many parts of Madagascar are still in the lean season in March. The Southeast (MG19) is currently experiencing Crisis (IPC Phase 3) due to the depletion of household staple stocks, the intensification of consumption of wild foods and high market prices. The Mahafaly Plain (MG 23) is experiencing Crisis (IPC Phase 3) due to the poor availability of maize and pulses, the increased consumption of wild foods, and reduced cash income due to poor harvests. In the Androy Semi-Arid zone (MG 24), the situation has improved with the arrival of sweet potato and maize harvests. This area, and the Southwest (MG 20), are in Stressed (IPC Phase 2) acute food insecurity due to below average production and few available sources of income.",3
6140,"Since the summer of 2016, the station has come to perform another role: a meeting space for dozens of Chechens trying to seek asylum in neighbouring Poland. Over the past several months, Poland has been denying refugees from Belarus entry and the right to claim asylum. ",9
2379,"Measles: In Epidemiological Week 18, 22 cases of measles were reported through EWARS. The cumulative number of cases since January 2017 is 3,156. ",4
32,"While public services are slowly resuming, with at least 37 bakeries operational, the city lacks electricity and mobile communications, and water is only pumped at a very limited capacity to the outskirts of the city. Up to 95 percent of households who have returned to Raqqa are food insecure.",3
7824,"The trend of the cholera outbreak in the Democratic Republic of the Congo continues to increase. During week 39 (week ending 1 October 2017), a total of 2 496 new cases including 28 deaths (case fatality rate 1.1%) were reported across the country, similar to 2 184 cases and 15 deaths reported in week 38. Week 37 marked the first time since 2002 when the number of new suspected cholera cases exceeded 2 000 in a week. The provinces that reported the highest number of cases in week 38 were North Kivu (937 cases, 1 death), South Kivu (637 cases, 3 deaths), Tanganyika (409 cases, 7 deaths), Haut Lomami (247 cases, 4 deaths), and Kongo Central (146 cases, 5 deaths). The other affected provinces were Haut Katanga, Kwilu, Maindombe, Maniema, and Mongala. The provinces of Haut Lomami, South Kivu, North Kivu, and Maniema are currently observing rising trends, while Kwilu Province has observed reduction in the number of new cases.Since the beginning of 2017, a total of 34 165 suspected and confirmed cases including 658 deaths (case fatality rate 1.9%) were reported from 18 out of the 26 provinces in the country, compared to 22 113 cases and 641 deaths (case fatality rate 2.9%) reported during the same period in 2016.",4
3651,"For the time-being, Bambari remains conflict-free. But fighting between the two groups has poisoned relations within the town’s Muslim community, with the UPC targeting Gula and Runga they consider sympathetic to the FPRC.“It’s the first time we’ve had this kind of division within the Muslim community,” said one humanitarian worker, who asked not to be named. “Every time there is a convoy to Bria or Bangui, they [Gula and Runga] are taking the opportunity to leave. Others have fled to the Christian side of Bambari”.",9
9646,"NCHRL's report also highlighted 34 attacks that included torture, arbitrary arrests or illegal arrests as well as threats against journalists, human rights activists as well as correspondents of local, Arab and international media outlets, banning some of them from covering certain events in Tripoli, Sabha and Benghazi.",9
9252,"These results areas respond to national challenges related to (i) improving and sustaining social progress and environmental sustainability; (ii) capacity development; (iii) accelerated inclusive growth, food security and livelihoods; (iv) gender and youth empowerment; and (v) human welfare and social and child protection. ",2
2051," In response to armyworms, the Government has formed a platform to coordinate the development of intervention strategies. However, budget constrains are severely limiting the implementation of appropriate control measures.",5
5465,"Iraqi authorities are holding more than 1,400 foreign women and their children who surrendered with ISIS fighters in late August 2017, Human Rights Watch said today. The detentions appear to have no legal basis and none of the detainees has been brought before a judge to assess the legality and necessity of their detention. The authorities should promptly charge or safely release them and confirm the whereabouts of up to 200 men and teenage boys, many foreign, who surrendered during the same period.",9
10170,"In September, the murder of a Lebanese woman, apparently at the hands of a Syrian man in a majority- Christian Lebanese town, further galvanised existing anti-Syrian sentiment in the country. Syrian families living in the young woman’s hometown of Miziara were woken up in the early morning and told to leave immediately. Reuters reports that Miziara and another nearby municipalities have used Facebook to encourage landlords to only rent to Syrians with residency permits and evict those without.",9
9486,"The government has said it wants to implement reforestation projects and other longer-term policies such as providing support to commercial farmers, but it lacks the resources to go it alone. The lack of state resources to revitalise the ailing agriculture sector has been blamed in part on widespread state corruption.",0
11393,"Also in Area C, the Israeli authorities issued at least 25 demolition and stop-work orders against residential and livelihood-related structures in four communities. Two of these orders targeted Khirbet al Fakhit, one of the 46 Palestinian Bedouin communities in the central West Bank at risk of forcible transfer. Another eight structures targeted in the community of Birin (Hebron) had been provided as humanitarian assistance and funded by the oPt Humanitarian Fund.",10
8825,Protection:Only 2 families reported more than 1 vulnerability during the assessment. No families were flagged for referral to additional services by assessment teams,9
3311,"This week between 4,300 and 10,000 people transited through Hammam Al-Alil daily from west Mosul.Families reported that the continuous fighting, shelling, airstrikes, targeting of civilians attempting to flee, and the lack of food, water, and basic services are the main reasons of forced displacement",7
2300,"Wide-spread, extreme food insecurity persists throughout South Sudan and increased humanitarian assistance is needed to prevent the loss of lives and livelihoods. The area of greatest concern is central Unity, where Emergency (IPC Phase 4) and Crisis (IPC Phase 3!) outcomes are present. However, data is unavailable for an estimated 10,000 people isolated on remote islands of the White Nile, many of whom lack access to humanitarian assistance. It is feared outcomes are worse among these populations and some households may be in Catastrophe (IPC Phase 5). 1 A risk of Famine (IPC Phase 5)2 persists, primarily for populations on remote islands of the White Nile.Recent food security data and key informant information indicate that food security in northern and western Jonglei has deteriorated sharply in 2017. Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes persists and of highest concern are households in western Jonglei who are also displaced to islands along the White Nile. Some of these households may be in Catastrophe (IPC Phase 5). Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes, and associated high levels of acute malnutrition, also exist in Northern Bahr el Ghazal, Western Bahr el Ghazal, Upper Nile, Central Equatoria, and Eastern Equatoria.",3
1278,"Human Rights Watch (HRW) and other watchdog organisations have accused the Iranian government of severe maltreatment of Afghans, including summary deportations, physical abuse at the hands of security forces, limited job opportunities outside menial labour, and restricted access to education.",9
1980,Lack of clean and safe water supply among the famine affected community,11
1602,"At the province level, cooking oil was most expensive in Sofala followed by Gaza and Inhambane. It was cheapest in Manica. At the district level, the cheapest cooking oil was in Moatize (Tete) and Guro (Manica), possibly because of their proximity to Tete Cidade. By contrast, Chibabava (Sofala), Chigubo (Gaza) and Guija (Gaza) had the highest cooking oil prices, perhaps because these remote areas rely heavily on supplies from other districts",4
10440, Niger continues to face critical humanitarian needs caused by the consequences of Boko Haram-related violence in the Diffa region and the high level of vulnerability of people affected by recurrent food insecurity and malnutrition crises as well as seasonal floods and epidemics. ,3
1406,"Populations displaced by conflict in Jebel Marra and SPLM-N-controlled areas of South Kordofan in Sudan are likely to remain in Emergency (IPC Phase 4) through September. Newly displaced IDPs in Darfur, South Kordofan, Blue Nile, and refugees from South Sudan have limited access to land for cultivation and to seasonal agricultural labor opportunities. Seasonal rainfall has been average to above-average in most areas of the country, although remote sensing products suggest vegetation conditions remain below average in many areas.",3
628,"'Forced disappearances are not a new phenomenon in Pakistan. In the past, it was mostly restricted to the kidnappings of people from Baluchistan and the southern Sindh province, but now we see a nationwide situation,' Farzana Bari, a prominent social activist in Islamabad, told DW. ",9
1867,Cases of diarrhoea and conjunctivitis have increased in quake affected communities in Solomon Islands says the aid agency UNICEF.,4
798,"Across most of Southern Africa the price of maize continued to remain above the 5 year average level for the same time of the year. Mozambique is 158.5% above, Malawi*** 129.5%, Tanzania* 55.4%, Zambia**** (48.7%), South Africa* (46.7%), and finally Lesotho (29.9%).",3
4363,"Ongoing harvests of the 2017/18 main agricultural season are improving household food access in most areas in Sudan, leading to Minimal (IPC Phase 1) or Stressed (IPC Phase 2) outcomes through at least May 2018. Most IDPs in SPLM-N controlled areas of South Kordofan, and in Jebel Marra continue to face Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes in the harvest period.   In parts of North Darfur and Kassala, poor seasonal performance led to substantial crop losses in agropastoral areas and very poor regeneration of pasture in pastoral areas. Households are likely to face difficulty meeting their basic food needs as livestock remain in dry season grazing areas and household milk availability is limited. Between now and May 2018, households are likely to face significant difficulty meeting their livelihoods protection needs and will begin to face food consumption gaps indicative of Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes. ",3
8852,"Since 18 June 2016, over 18,000 cholera cases—including 328 deaths—have been reported in South Sudan.Many locations experiencing outbreaks are in proximity to the Nile River, increasing the impact of the rainy season on the cholera outbreak and threat of spreading furthe",4
9811,"In Zambia, the Government has already spent US$ 3 million in an attempt to control the pest that has affected approximately 130 000 hectares of crops. However, the full extent of the damage in the country and other affected countries, is yet to be established. The pest which primarily spreads through wind dispersal and host plant products, is reported to be still active. The affected countries are also in different stages of assessing the damage to the crops because the outbreaks did not occur simultaneously.",5
3122,"A resurgence of the conflict in Tanganyika province, which began five years ago, has resulted in increased humanitarian needs. Longsimmering inter-community tensions and violent military operations have rapidly intensified since mid-2016 in Tanganyika and neighbouring provinces. As a result, some 277,000 people have been displaced this year, bringing the total number of displaced people in Tanganyika to 654,000. Some 6,000 refugees have also sought asylum in neighboring Zambia as a result, with numbers growing. Insecurity and displacement have left nearly 1 million people severely food insecure",3
211,"An estimated 2.9 million people urgently need food assistance.  Children are suffering the most in this crisis. Almost 1 million children will be acutely malnourished this year, including 185,000 who could die soon if they do not receive urgent medical treatment.",8
252,"The FAO Food Price Index* (FFPI) averaged 173.5 points in April 2018, nearly unchanged from March but up 2.7 percent from the corresponding period last year",5
4361,"A total of 2,411 undocumented Afghans spontaneously returned or were deported from Iran through Milak border crossing in Nimroz province from 26 February to 4 March, a 6% decrease compared with the previous week. Out of the total, 890 were spontaneous returnees and 1,521 were deportees. No returnees arrived through Islam Qala border. This brings the total number of undocumented returnees from Iran since 1 January 2017 to 46,836.",9
2606,"In eastern Syria, high levels of violence continue, including urban combat accompanied by intense airstrikes and ground-based strikes directed against ISIL-held areas in Ar-Raqqa Governorate. Similar levels of violence are taking place in Deir-ez-Zor Governorate as increased airstrikes hit the areas in and around Al-Maydeen and Albo Kamal, and pro-Government forces make rapid gains towards Deir-ez-Zor city from the west. Meanwhile ISIL continues to prevent civilians from leaving areas under its control and has launched a forced conscription drive. Those who have managed to flee have in some instances been confined to makeshift IDP camps where the humanitarian situation is reportedly severe and civilians face severe shortages of items essential for their survival such as water, food, and medicine. ",4
3375,"the main priorities of the South Sudan refugee response in Uganda are:  Life-saving protection and multi-sector humanitarian response for newly arriving refugees, including the emergency opening of at least three to four additional refugee settlement areas;  Stabilisation of the seven new settlement areas opened over the past nine months, in particular with regard to water and sanitation, as well as health and education facilities; establishment of child protection and SGBV prevention and response mechanisms 3. Livelihood support to reduce aid dependency and to fulfil the potential of Uganda’s good practice refugee policy;  Environmental protection and mitigation measures in refugee hosting areas;Increased host community support in refugee hosting areas to reduce the burden on the host community, in particular by advocacy for the engagement of development actors through the Comprehensive Refugee Response Framework (CRRF), and the Refugee and Host Population Empowerment (ReHoPE) approach, and the Government Settlement Transformative Agenda (STA). ",1
5973,"? Persistent challenges for Gaza patients seeking financial coverage for health referrals: 1,297 requests for financial coverage for Gaza patients were approved by the Services Purchasing Unit of the Palestinian Ministry of Health in August. This is 36% lower than the number of financial coverage requests approved during August last year. ",4
585,"Food availability: Staple food and cash crops production during the 2016 – 2017 season was reported above average in states such as Jigawa, Kano, Katsina, Kebbi, Zamfara, Bauchi, Gombe, Kaduna and Sokoto. States like Borno, Plateau and Yobe experienced below average production due to insecurity and recurrent communal clasheswhich prevented the farmers from cultivating. Food availability in most states is expected to decline normally  towards the lean season (June – August 2017), although the impact may be reduced with irrigated farming. The households with below average crop production in Borno, Adamawa and Yobe states will also have their stock depleted earlier than normal.  Food Access : High food prices were common across the 16 states with marginal increase ranging from 70 – 150%. Market prices of cereals increased by 50 – 80% as at January 2017 when compared to the 5-year average of the same month; and by 70 – 124% when compared to the 2016 average of the same month. Prices of legumes and tubers were also above the 2016 and 5-year averages by 55% and 105% respectively. As the market is the main source of food for 70% of households, high prices coupled with low purchasing power pose a severe challenge to accessing staple food commodities by a majority of the population who become more vulnerable with the lean season approaching. ",3
11717,"But this does not meet demand. Besides cancer medication, there are critical shortages of insulin, anaesthetics, specific antibiotics needed for intensive care, serums, intravenous fluids and other blood products and vaccines, Hoff said.",4
4719,"On 21 April 2018, the head of ICRC’s detention programme in Yemen, Lebanese national Hanna Lahoud, died after unknown assailants shot at the ICRC vehicle he was travelling in on the outskirts of Ta’iz.   Amnesty International has documented anti-Huthi forces attacking hospitals and medical workers in Ta’iz, and has documented Huthi forces firing mortars that struck civilian areas, including a hospital in Hodeidah Governorate, killing a pharmacist and nurse and injuring a 13-year-old boy.  Saudi Arabia-led coalition air strikes on civilian objects have also put medical and humanitarian workers at risk. The Norwegian Refugee Council denounced a 5 June air strike by the Saudi Arabia-led coalition near one of its facilities in Sana’a.",4
3513,"Bahrain’s Council of Representatives on February 21, 2017, approved an amendment to Bahrain’s Constitution that would enable military courts to try civilians, in violation of international fair trial standards, Human Rights Watch said today. The amendment goes next to the upper house of parliament and then to King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa for his final approval.",9
8817,"Moreover, 639 elementary and secondary schools were either destroyed or attacked by militia in the Kasaï Central and Kasaï provinces. In some cases, teachers were directly targeted.The United Nations estimates that more than 35 000 children were affected by the attacks, occupations and closures of schools due to external threats.",9
11035,Health authorities in Tonga have temporarily banned kava drinking in public halls to control an outbreak of typhoid.,4
218,"To further facilitate safe returns, the ongoing efforts to remove UXOs and debris need to continue. In parallel, the UN and its humanitarian partners are continuing their risk education efforts to inform civilians about the danger of unexploded remnants of war and practical steps residents can take to protect themselves.",9
5260,"he Turkish authorities which formed the local council for the administration of Afrin area, continue to prevent civilians of Afrin area’s people from returning to their homes in Afrin area, of who have been waiting for about 10 days at Kimar Checkpoint, where they have been prevented without reasons, also hundreds of families who wish to return from regime forces’ controlled areas in the northern countryside are being prevented from returning to Afrin area, in conjunction with the continued prevention by regime checkpoints for civilians to reach Aleppo city, despite the continued smuggling of civilians through the checkpoints in exchange for large sums of money, which are paid to the smugglers and checkpoints regime in order to get them to Aleppo city, all of this happen amid catastrophic situations in the area to which hundreds of thousands of civilians have been displaced to in the northern countryside of Aleppo, due to the ignore of relief and humanitarian organizations for the catastrophic humanitarian situation and the shortages of medicines, treatment, baby milk and supplies, also there are pregnant women who need care along with other people with medical and health conditions that degraded day after day, due to the scarcity and great shortage of humanitarian assistance, where the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights documented the death of 8 citizens of Yazidi families, they are: an elderly man, his elderly wife, their son and his wife with 2 of their children, in addition to another woman and her daughter, as a result of a mine explosion while they were trying to reach Aleppo for treatment, also an explosion on one of the roads between Afrin and Aleppo injured others of the same both families.",1
4398,"13-16 October 2016: Continuous heavy rainfall fuelled by a tropical depression and Northeast monsoon causes severe flooding in various provinces of Central Viet Nam, killing 34 people, causing the collapse of 39 houses and displacing thousands.  16-17 October: The Viet Nam Red Cross (VNRC) dispatches relief items and cash worth VND 1.97 billion (85,000 Swiss francs), and deploys assessment teams to Ha Tinh and Quang Binh provinces.  27 October: 67,466 Swiss francs allocated from the IFRC’s Disaster Relief Emergency Fund (DREF) to replenish VNRC stocks.  30 October-5 November: Another tropical storm brings more heavy rains across Central Viet Nam, leaving 15 people dead, 227 houses collapsed, 41,484 houses flooded, thousands of hectares of crop inundated and more than 42,000 livestock killed. 11 November: The IFRC launches Emergency Appeal for 1.4 million Swiss francs to support 30,775 people over 9 months. A topup DREF allocation is made, bringing the total amount advanced from DREF to 144,866 Swiss francs.  31 November-late December: Incessant heavy rains bring severe flooding in the province of Binh Dinh, described by some community members and local authorities as the most severe in the province’s history.  19 January 2017: The Government of New Zealand announces a donation of NZD 250,000 to address the livelihood needs of people affected by the December 2016 flooding in the province of Binh Dinh. The donation is channelled through the Operational Plan 2017 of the IFRC CCST.  19 May 2017: The IFRC issues a revised Emergency Appeal for 336,193 Swiss francs.",10
8922,"“Every so often it happens, survivors from one migrant boat are put onto another,” Di Giacomo told the AP by phone. He said authorities didn’t realize when the migrants were brought ashore that the four had been mixed in with the survivors from another boat.",1
11288,"Whilst others caught up by in the violence remain trapped inside Al Mokha and Dhubab, intensified hostilities in Al Hudaydah are also making it difficult for those attempting to escape to safety.",9
1162,"Challenges In spite of the efforts to address the nutritional needs of new arrivals, malnutrition continues to pose a challenge, especially considering the already high rates within the receiving refugee camps. Reports of suspected cases of AWD in the host community and in the refugees’ areas of origin increase the risk of communicable disease outbreaks in the camps. The current drought impacting the Somali region poses constraints in terms of available resources.  ",4
3967,"Some migrants have legs broken in several places, burn injuries and severely beaten backs. Libyan organisations working alongside us are as horrified as we are. While it’s impossible to say how many migrants and refugees arrive in Libya, pass through Bani Walid, and endure this nightmare, we’re treating just as many survivors during our consultations as last year. Just last week a survivor who’d arrived at the hostel the previous day told us, “I’ve endured 2 months, 3 weeks, 1 day and 12 hours of hell.” Although their health often requires them to be hospitalised, admission is often delayed because public hospitals oblige us to test patients beforehand for infectious diseases. Every month we give 50 body bags to a local NGO who want to give a decent burial to migrants and refugees found dead in the Bani Walid area. They say they’ve buried over 730 bodies since last year. But we can’t conclude that this corresponds to the number of people who have died from the atrocities and dangers endured passing through this specific area. The death toll is definitely much higher.",9
10421,"It is not easy for civilians living in IS-held territory to escape, but the risks of staying in Raqqa city and nearby villages are growing.   “Raqqa is in a state of collapse,” Ahmad, a civilian who fled the city with several of his family members and relatives last week told Syria Direct. Ahmad asked not to be identified by his real name because he fears for his safety.   “For civilians, the greatest fear is that they will not be able to get out,” Ahmad said, “and that IS will use them as human shields.”   Coinciding with military operations on the ground, US-led coalition aircraft are carrying out daily airstrikes against targets in IS-held Raqqa—56 in the past week alone—amidst reports of civilian casualties.",9
11253,"Other IDPs in Kafr Naya were observed to be sheltering in the open, and urgently need to be provided with adequate shelter. • IDPs in the villages surrounding Tall Refaat are accommodated in overcrowded IDP sites, such as schools and mosques, and there is need for partitions to provide privacy. • In Nabul and Zahraa, IDPs are accommodated in IDP sites (mainly mosques and private halls), and there also is a need for partitions, noting",10
7929,"For victims of the Ituri conflict’s sexual violence, aid is scarce.But for many women and girls who have fled to Uganda, care for their physical and psychological wounds is hard to come by – even when they are willing to seek it out, overlooking the stigma often attached to victims of sexual violence.“It is not easy estimating the magnitude of the problem because the majority of the cases go unreported, given the shame associated with rape.”",9
8143,"Politicians campaigning for positions in the August elections are inciting the herders to invade the ranches saying that it is their ancestral land, Martin Evans, the ranchers’ association chairman said Monday.The majority of the herding communities, who occupy the northern part of the country, have long been marginalized and do not have access to school, health facilities and security, he said.",9
5157,"All KIs indicated that no civilian children have attended school for 3 years – only children of families associated with ISIL – due to concerns over altered curricula. This indicates that children in ISIL-controlled areas were not compelled to attend schools operated by ISIL. • Small numbers of KIs reported that children were being tutored at home, but the vast majority said children received no schooling at all. • In some villages schools were being used as shelter by IDPs, though this trend has decreased as more people have left the district for government controlled territory.",2
6199,"Migrant returns from Libya have increased in recent months owing to worsening living conditions and other hardship. In February, more than 27,000 migrants crossed the border back into Niger - 22 times the number registered a year ago. With the influx of incoming migrants, testimonies of the existence of slave markets and some kinds of private prisons all over Libya have come to the surface, according to a report by IOM on 11 April. ",9
783,"- Inadequate funding for all sectors. This has resulted in limited number of WASH cluster partners to conduct outbreak response activities in Juba - A significant section of the cholera affected populations are nomadic pastoralist and communities living in remote, hard to reach villages and cattle camps - Limted access to affected areas in Budi County due to ongoing rains - Unpredictable movement of cattle keepers - Prolonged conflict and insecurity - Population displacements into crowded IDP camps and islands with limited humanitarian access to optimize interventions - Cholera case fatality rates are highest in counties with poor access to health care especially in populations living in the islands and cattle camps - Children and males are more affected than their respective counterparts",4
10228,"As the offensive continues in Ar-Raqqa city, IDPs who managed to flee continue to report significant protection concerns and increasingly constrained access to basic services in the city. Severe restrictions are reportedly imposed by ISIL which is preventing civilians from leaving the area, such as the positioning of snipers and punitive measures (e.g. burning their assets, in particular cars). IDPs tend to leave behind the most vulnerable members of their families, such as the elderly and individuals with limited mobility.",9
7328,"In addition, hundreds of Palestinians were injured by live ammunition fired during the demonstrations since the declaration. According to Red Crescent figures, from 7 to 31 December, Israeli security forces fired live ammunition that injured 291 Palestinians in Gaza and 117 in the West Bank.",9
5775,"Tribal elder Noor Khan said: “We have no basic facilities like electricity, clean drinking water, schools and hospitals etc. We need schools with teachers and hospitals with doctors.",7
824,"There is high variability of commodity prices across the country mainly due to difficult and costly transportation. In general, the persistence of insecurity and displacements have become recurring issues that continue to cause the deterioration of food security in certain areas. ",6
11857,"Contrary to the overall high levels of aid dependency, the majority of IDPs (51%) reported resorting to their own coping mechanisms to ensure access to cash, mostly through trading. At the same time, cash was an essential component of IDPs’ own coping mechanisms across sectors, as it was used to ensure access to food, water, health, education and shelter. However, the reported lack of access to cash by some IDPs could be linked to limited possibilities of using cash – for example, due to limited or no access to functioning markets.",1
10204,"However, Abdul-Ghany said the government has continued its “systematic policy in arresting civilians and looting their properties under the pretext of dealing with armed opposition factions,” while noting the “extraordinary challenges and difficulties” in collecting information on government abuses.  ",9
9213,"A Palestinian primary school built with European donor funding is facing the threat of demolition by Israeli authorities in the coming days The school is the only one serving the Bedouin community of Al Muntar, on the periphery of East Jerusalem in Area C of the West Bank, which has already suffered displacement and destruction of property in the past. ",2
4383,"The Lord’s Resistance Army (LRA) was responsible for 16 attacks in February 2017 in which they abducted 70 civilians, 32 in Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and 38 in the Central African Republic (CAR).",1
10788,"Kenya: An increase in the epidemic trend has been noted. During week 19 (week ending 13 May 2018), 302 new cases were reported compared to 58 cases reported in week 18 (week ending 6 May 2018). These new cases emerged from the following counties; Garissa (202), Nairobi (29), Isiolo (24), Elgeyo Marakwet (17), Turkana (14), Kiambu (8), West Pokot (7) and Meru (1). Cumulatively a total of 24,741 cases including 414 deaths have been reported, as from December 2014. Of these, a total of 3,931 cases and 71 deaths have been reported since the beginning of 2018.",4
10710,"Basic security in the Kutupalong Expansion Site and access to justice, so that assault, sexual or otherwise, cannot be committed with impunity",9
106,"Two weeks after being forcibly evicted from their shelters, thousands of vulnerable families are still living rough in the outskirts of Mogadishu. Somali security forces went in and destroyed 23 camps for internally displaced people, housing more than 4,000 Somalis, on 29 and 30 December last year according to the UN. People say they woke up to bulldozers and soldiers demolishing their shelters. “We were not even given time to collect our belongings,” said Farhia Hussein, a mother of nine. “People were screaming and running in all directions. Two of my children went missing in the chaos. They are twin sisters, aged six – thank God I found them two days later.”",9
7949,"Their needs are significant, including medical treatment, food, water, sanitation facilities and shelter. The lack of water and the overall poor sanitation situation is a reason for great concern regarding a possible outbreak of cholera. Security concerns have also been expressed by the asylum seekers, of whom the majority are residing in four makeshift campsites situated quite close to the border. ",11
6896,The 2017 Humanitarian Response Plan indicates that 2.2 million people need nutrition interventions. ,8
1594,"It is estimated that more than 830 000 people are presently in need of humanitarian assistance in Cox's Bazar, of which 55% are children. 618 000 new arrival since 25 August 2017 (338 000 in Kutupalong Expansion Site, 234 000 in other settlements and camps and 46 000 in host communities). Urgent needs in food assistance, nutrition, shelter, health, protection, water and sanitation. Serious risks of diseases outbreaks - including measles and cholera – and high number of SGBV reported.",4
7465,"Measles: The cumulative number of cases since January 2017 is 1,994. In Epidemiological Week 28, 19 cases of measles were reported through EWARS with 90% occurring in children below 5 years. No death was reported.",4
7997,Lower food prices decrease the prevalence of inadequate food consumption for residents. Aleppo and rural Damascus report the poorest food consumption scores.,3
8480,"According to the Dapard, 14 houses are destroyed by the overflow of the river.",10
2204,"The Hurricane has aggravated the effects of El Niño-related events, including a drought which has already diminished food production and access to fresh water over the past year. The combined effects will further reduce peoples’ capacity to purchase food to feed their families, or agricultural inputs in order to resume production.",0
7607,"According to the UN’s Joint Human Rights Office (UNJHRO), the army and police carried out at least 185 extrajudicial executions, including 16 women and 53 children, in just three towns in Kasai-Central during March and April this year. ",9
2083," As measured in May 2016, 16 percent of Tajikistan’s rural population is food secure, 55 percent marginally food secure, 25 percent moderately food insecure, and 3 percent severely food insecure. Among the interviewed households, 36.7 percent of households led by women and 26.4 percent of households led by men were food insecure.",3
5321,"At the height of an outbreak of armyworms in some countries in southern Africa, the Ministry of Agriculture has warned farmers to be watchful of the destructive pests.",0
3741,? There are concerns about access to quality secondary health care with the public health facilities being overwhelmed by the increasing number of patients referred from the settlements. Efforts are underway to work out a referral pathway with adequate resources to support the access of these patients,4
11346,"Witnesses reported receiving threatening messages or phone calls from their Turkmen neighbors. Those who had returned briefly to the city reported seeing extensive damage to homes in al-Jumhuriya and Hai Jamila, both Kurdish-majority neighbourhoods. Amnesty International authenticated photos and videos it received from witnesses showing the damage caused to civilian homes and property by looting and arson in Tuz Khumatu. Residents who are still in the city, as well as others who fled and then attempted to return, described how Iraqi government forces, as well members of the Popular Mobilization Units (PMU), Turkmen fighters and Turkmen civilians engaged in rampant arson, looting and demolition of civilian homes.",7
7892,"DjiboutiAt risk: 227,463  Djibouti is one of the world’s most arid countries. Some 227,463 people are threatened with food insecurity in the hardest-hit areas of Ali Sabieh, Obock and Dikhil.  ",3
8812,"On 21 May, UNHCR conducted three protection monitoring visits to internally displaced person (IDP) settlements in Tripoli where over 750 families from Tawergha are displaced. Through meetings with the communities, the most pressing needs were identified, including access to adequate shelter.",10
6723,"Confirming the development, Dedza district disaster officer said families are now hiding in classes and churches.",10
6889,"Livestock production also is ruined. The Al-Hayah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (ACBAN) reported that as of February 2016, 1,637 members were killed, and over 200,000 cattle, sheep and goats, as well as 395,609 sacks of food items lost in insurgents’ attacks in Borno state.6 Beginning in December 2014, the fishing industry suffered a similar fate as Boko Haram stepped up attacks on communities around Lake Chad.",3
11912,"About three quarters of health-care workers have ?ed the country and more than half of public hospitals and health centers have closed or are only partially functioning, according to the United Nations.The collapse of the medical sector has deepened the health crisis, accelerating the spread of some infectious diseases, resurfacing others that had been all but stamped out. ",4
1489,"The situation in Rakhine state in northwest Myanmar continues to deteriorate following a series of attacks on border guard posts on 9 October by what appears to be a newly established armed group. A subsequent joint army-police counterinsurgency operation began on 10 October. Since then, there have been widespread reports of mass arrests, rape, forcible removal, extrajudicial killings and the widespread destruction of Rohingya buildings and mosques. The army deployed helicopter gunships to several Rohingya villages on 12 and 13 November, resulting in the death of at least 25 civilians. On 24 November the UN Office of the High Commissioner for Refugees' (UNHCR) representative in Bangladesh accused Myanmar's government of the 'ethnic cleansing' of the Rohingya.",9
11425,"33 dead, 23 injured, 22 houses destroyed, 10 damaged.",4
3940,"An estimated 175,000 people have no access to safe potable water due to contamination of wells and water-sources, with indications that water-borne diseases such as diarrhoea are on the rise. ",11
2652,"in West and Central Jebel Marra localities in Central Darfur State. Of the 42,667 children under five-years old screened for acute malnutrition, 782 were identified with severe acute malnutrition (SAM) and 3,909 with moderate acute malnutrition (MAM)",8
11562,"In Baracoa, the damaged hectares of cocoa plantations are estimated at 3,600 of which 2,255 have yet to be recovered depending on the severity of the damage, the age of the plants, and their productivity",0
432,"Many of the new arrivals are staying in schools, community centres and other community spaces. UNHCR is reinforcing existing systems for protection and service delivery. Camp capacity is overstretched, particularly in Nayapara. The shortage of WASH facilities has also raised the risk of the outbreak of diseases to which pregnant women, young children and the elderly are especially vulnerable.  ",4
11842,"Road traffic accidents due to limited driving skills plus road movements after dark remain a major safety concern for UN/UNICEF personnel. This, coupled with poor mobile and VHF communications, could challenge the effective response to an incident.",1
8948,"The economic and hunger crisis that has gripped Venezuela is also driving millions of children out of school. Three million of the country's eight million students have been missing classes - due to lack of food, transport to get to school or basic facilities such as electricity and safe water.",2
4667,"Three and a half years after the ceasefire, more than 22,000 people (4,162 families) are still displaced (as of the end of February 2018).4 As highlighted below, many of them continue to live in precarious conditions with uncertainty regarding their immediate future. Lack of funding is the primary reason for the slow pace of reconstruction: approximately two-thirds of remaining IDPs have not received any housing support and see no end in sight to their displacement. The homes of the other third are either still under construction or waiting for work to start. Reconstruction has also been hampered, to a lesser extent, by Israeli restrictions on imports of essential construction materials into Gaza. Despite these delays, restricted construction materials have been entering regularly via the Gaza Reconstruction Mechanism (GRM) agreed in 2014 by the UN, the Palestinian Authority and Israel.",10
5998,"Heavy two-way traffic of carts carrying children, clothes, and the elderly crowded the main Baghdad-Mosul road on Sunday as hundreds of Iraqis fled heavy fighting or made their way back to areas seized back from Islamic State.  Families paid no heed to the sound of heavy mortar, artillery and machine gun fire raging in the background as U.S.-trained Iraqi forces battled Islamic State some two km.(about a mile) away.  Some had walked miles to a government checkpoint where the men were placed in army trucks and sent for security screening to ensure no militant sleeper cells get out of the city. Women and children were put on busses and sent to camps housing hundreds of thousands, some displaced since the offensive to retake the Islamic State stronghold began in October. ",7
4681,"Conflicts have been experienced in parts of Isiolo, Baringo, Turkana, Laikipia, Marsabit, Kitui, Meru and Tana River counties due to competition for rapidly diminishing resources especially in areas affected by drought. This has negatively affecting food security in these counties due to displacements, loss of lives and disruption of livelihoods. The increasing trend of attacks by aggressors from neighboring countries in North Eastern Kenya, also constrains access by humanitarian agencies to areas affected by drought. This hampers delivery of lifesaving assistance to communities faced by drought worsening food security in these areas. ",9
7651,"Though the community leaders have expressed delight for being able to provide for the refugees, they complain that their facilities have been over stretched and would require immediate assistance from relevant authorities.  Clan Head of Utanga, Chief Joseph Suhumba said that they are hosting over one thousand refugees and that the communities have over stretched themselves with the provision of the basic need of the refugees.  He said they have incurred huge debts while caring for them and urged the state government to take over the management of the refugees.  According to him the influx of the people which is increasing by the day require compensative medical assessment and treatment, shelter, food and non-food items such as mattresses, beddings, towels, toiletries and other sundry needs.",1
10681,"A senior relief official in South Sudan’s Yei River State said that over 28 households are in dire need of humanitarian assistance following their return from neighboring Congo and Uganda.“There are very many returnees who are voluntarily returning from Uganda and Congo. We have received 28 households with 58 individuals and 27 households with 65 individuals last Sunday and more are still in Kaya,” Peter Butili Parajallah, chairperson of the state relief and rehabilitation commission, told Radio Tamazuj today.He pointed out that his office was unable to provide food and other services to the returnees. “We in the government, we are handicapped and we are appealing to the humanitarian partners to rescue these people,” he said. The government official said the state agency for relief had established a base in the town of Kaya to register those who want to go to Yei town.",3
10719,"Thousands of schoolchildren in Guinea descended onto the streets of the west African country on Monday to support a walkout by their teachers against the government. Four people were injured in live fire by security forces on Monday in Dabompa, to the east of Conakry, after eight people were killed in similar clashes after teachers went on strike in February.",2
8663,"An urgent scale-up of aid is needed in the northern district of Abs, Hajjah governorate, the area worst affected by Yemen’s cholera outbreak. The disease is spread by contaminated water, so water and sanitation activities are particularly vital to tackle the problem at source, says MSF. “In Abs district, our teams are seeing an extremely poor sanitation situation and insufficient access to clean drinking water,” says Gabriel Sánchez, MSF programme manager for Yemen.",4
3936,"Mohammad Salam, 45, from the town of Hass, 12 miles south of Idlib city in the center of the province, told Al-Monitor that he lives entirely off his agricultural produce. This father of six children remarked, “I harvested 10 hectares of wheat crops on June 8, but the yield was so small that it did not cover the financial cost of planting the land and did not exceed 20% of the average production that I harvested in the years preceding 2016.”",0
1137,"Eight people have reportedly died and 231 others infected with cholera in Sudan’s Khartoum, White Nile, South Kordofan, and North Kordofan states on Monday and Tuesday.",4
11905,"Harvests should start to improve food security outcomes starting in October 2017. However, needs will remain high in SPLMN-controlled areas of South Kordofan and in Jebel Marra areas, particularly among IDPs. Moreover, influxes of South Sudanese refugees will continue to increase humanitarian assistance needs. Needs predicted to be lower than October 2016 in October 2017",3
7891," The month-on-month remittance inflow (in USD) had a huge drop by 31 percent in July 2016 compared to the previous month, is was about 28 percent lower year-on-year. The remittance inflow in July 2016 was also the lowest in at least last four FYs. The Central Bank considers low global oil prices as the cause of this decline which had hit the incomes of Bangladeshi migrant workers in the Middle East. However, remittances boosted up by 18 percent in August 2016 largely because of the upcoming Eid-ul-Azha festival.",5
9318,"The outbreak of plague in Madagascar continues to evolve. Since our last report on 4 October 2017, a total of 230 new suspected cases including 17 deaths (case fatality rate 7.4%) were reported. Between 1 August and 8 October 2017, a total of 387 cases (suspected, probable and confirmed) including 45 deaths (case fatality rate 11.6%) have been reported from 27 out of 114 districts in the country. Of these, 277 cases (71.6%) had the pneumonic form of the disease, 106 were bubonic plague, one case was septicaemic plague, and 3 cases were unspecified.   Of 279 cases reported to the Central Plague Laboratory of the Institut Pasteur of Madagascar, 38 were confirmed by polymerase chain reaction (PCR), 113 were classified as probable cases after testing positive on rapid diagnostic tests (RDT) and 123 remain suspected cases, pending results. Fourteen (64%) out of 22 regions in the country (including the North and South-east Regions that are considered non-endemic) have been affected.",4
5536,"According to the Palestinian Ministry of Health in Gaza, fuel ran out in seven more healthcare centers, in different areas across the small coastal enclave. Earlier this week, the ministry announced that Beit Hanoun Children’s Hospital, in the north of Gaza, had closed its doors due to the lack of fuel.",4
4707,"47,270 IDPs not covered by cluster, primarily located in Sittwe, Pauktaw, Kyauktaw, Minbya",10
5313,"Refugee camps in Kagera and Kigoma regions:Additional funds have been secured in recent months and 20 percent of funding requirements have now been met, up from 5 percent in mid-2017. Additionally, 8,000 MT of food was pledged in early October. With secured funds, food assistance at current levels is likely to continue through December. However, funding levels beyond December are unknown. Most refugees have limited alternative sources of food and income and food security would decline in the event of further reductions in the ration provided or in the absence of assistance",3
3270,"Yemen's rainy season will likely trigger another wave of cholera, putting millions at risk in the war-torn country, which is still reeling from one of the world's worst outbreaks of the killer disease, scientists warned on Thursday.Experts also called for a public health campaign during Ramadan, which begins mid-May, after research suggested that traditions linked to the holy month may have helped spread the disease last year.More than 1 million suspected cases of cholera have been reported in Yemen since 2016, killing more than 2,000 people.'We expect to see a surge of cases during the rainy season,' said Anton Camacho, lead author of a study on the epidemic published in The Lancet Global Health journal.'If something is going to happen it will happen now so everyone should be aware and respond quickly. The risk is high,' he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.The rainy season runs from mid-April to the end of August.They predicted more than half Yemen's districts - home to nearly 14 million - were at risk this year.",11
8986,"Explosive hazard contamination in eastern Ukraine is impacting 1.9 million people, including around 200,000 children. The use of landmines across urban areas, farmland and the checkpoints is a constant concern. “Last week, landmines killed a family of four in eastern Ukraine. In 2017, over 235 civilians were killed or injured by landmines and other explosive remnants of war,” said Mr. Walker.",9
8339,"June to September 2018: Food security is projected to decrease seasonally in June with the depletion of household food stocks in marginal areas and reduction in milk availability and livestock prices in pastoral areas. However, the decline is likely to be atypically earlier in areas that receive poor long rains and experience below-average replenishment of forage and water resources. In July, the long rains crop harvests, though likely below average, will temporarily improve food security in the marginal agricultural areas by providing casual wage labor income-earning opportunities and increasing household food availability through early August. Income from this source might be minimal, especially in areas if there is crop failure. As household stocks are likely to be depleted by mid-August, poor households are expected to seek additional income from casual wage labor, bee keeping, petty trade, and charcoal burning. In pastoral areas, the lean period will likely begin atypically early in July as pastoralists migrate in search of forage and water, and incomes fall from livestock and livestock product sales. This is expected to lead to a reduction in food access and consumption, resulting in high malnutrition. In order to meet their minimum food needs, poor households will intensify their employment of coping strategies, such as increased reliance on non-livestock related income sources, such as charcoal sales, remittances, humanitarian assistance, and safety nets. During this period, overall, in the marginal agricultural areas, the majority of poor households are expected to be in Stressed (IPC Phase 2). However, if there is total long rains crop failure in some areas, some very poor households may experience Crisis (IPC Phase 3)outcomes. In pastoral areas, Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes are likely to persist in most of Isiolo, as well as parts of Mandera, Wajir, and Garissa, as well as some poor households in Tana River. While improvements from the long rains are expected to allow the majority of other pastoral areas to remain in Stressed (IPC Phase 2), as the lean season continues through September, FEWS NET expects a widespread increase in the number of poor households experiencing Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes. However, the total number of the population of these other counties is expected to be less than 20 percent.",3
7136,Yemen minister says 60 percent of population in dire poverty ,5
6728,"Smugglers abuse migrants to maintain control and maximize profits. “People are being abused and raped en route so that their families will pay more…Some people are paying as little as $100 U.S., but then en route they are tortured, they are abused, their families are made aware of this and are forced to pay $1,000 or to $2,000 more,” Headon said.",9
8963,"3.7 million children in need 2.7 children needing water 277,000 children under five in need of SAM treatment 0.5 million school age children in drought affected areas ",11
5037,Diarrhoea rates among displaced children under five years of age are 30% higher than the national average (10%). This is certainly caused by the limited access to water – only 8% of displaced households have access to adequate drinking water and only 2% to adequate sanitation.,11
7221," In anticipation of potential unrest linked to the end of President Kabila’s second term on 19 December 2016, there were large deployments of security forces in several cities. Clashes between the security forces and demonstrators resulted in at least 40 deaths in Kinshasa and Lubumbashi.  On 31 December 2016 the political parties, alongside main opposition groups, signed an agreement for a transition period with elections planned before the end of 2017.",9
5698,"There is nothing there. No regular meals, no running water, no accommodation worthy of a human being.  I won’t even go into medical care or hygiene. The nearby warehouses, which were used by the railway company and the customs, are even worse. ",1
2623,"UNICEF and partners carried out the seventh complete periodic malnutrition screening of 300,000 children under 5 years of age (6 to 59 months) in October 2016. The screening found 2,146 children affected by severe acute malnutrition (SAM) and 10,484 affected by moderate acute malnutrition (MAM) in the 8 most affected districts. In 2016, 14,500 children with SAM have been treated.",8
596,"At least 110,400 hectares of cultivated land have been destroyed.",0
1908,"More than 300 internally displaced persons have died of hunger and thirst along the way as they fled violence from Tonga area in Upper Nile to Sudan’s South Kordofan State, a local non-governmental organization said. Speaking to Radio Tamazuj on Sunday, Philip Lam Nyawela, Executive Director of the Nile Organization for Peace and Development Organization, said they had recorded at least 315 deaths of internally displaced people who fled from Tonga to South Kordofan State after the recent clashes between government and opposition forces in mid-April.",3
6459,"An estimated 1.7 million people, including some 434,000 internally displaced people (IDPs), have been affected by the violence in the five provinces that make up the greater Kasai region, according to a report by OCHA. The majority of IDPs have taken refuge in remote fields or are living with communities.Medicine, food, shelter and non-food items are among the most pressing needs.",7
2131,"The number of civilians killed in November was 926 (including 07 federal police, Sahwa civil defence, Personal Security Details, facilities protection police, fire department), and the number of civilians injured was 930 (including 18 federal police, Sahwa civil defence, Personal Security Details, facilities protection police, fire department). Fifty-two foreign civilians were killed and 31 injured in November.  ",10
7234,"Several areas in Malawi and Madagascar are receiving assistance, which has improved outcomes to Stressed (IPC Phase 2!). However, funding gaps in these countries could result in the deterioration of the food security situation to Crisis (IPC Phase 3) during the months of February and March.",8
724,"Boma’s Minister of Local government, Simon Gain, told Radio Tamazuj today that local residents in Pibor are currently facing hunger.“Yes it is true. There is no food because the little brought by the traders is finished,” he said.v A local resident complained about the rise in prices owning to scarcity of food commodities at the market. “A sack of maize flour is sold at SSP 20, 000,” he explained.He blamed a lack of rain, which has resulted in a poor harvest.",3
4426,"3,197 new suspected cholera cases in 2017 - including 41 deaths.",4
11595,"Vegetation conditions according to eMODIS/NDVI imagery (Figure 2) are much poorer than usual across wide areas of Kenya, Somalia, southern and eastern Somali regions of Ethiopia and northern Uganda. ",5
9808,"The situation in Swat district in KP also turned sour for journalists during the unlawful rule of the Taliban from 2007 to 2009. “Taliban militants intimidated local journalists. At least three of them were killed because they were disliked by the Taliban militants or the Pakistan Army,” Muhammad Rafiq, a local journalist, told IPS. Reporters fear for their lives and take extreme caution while filing their stories. “We are stuck between militants and the army. We don’t know about the killers of our colleagues who have fallen in the line of their duties,” Rafiq said. ",9
5781,The sources told Radio Dabanga that medical suppliers in Port Sudan are reluctant to enforce of the Ministry of Health’s directives of sending medicines and perfusion salts to the rural hospitals. The give no reasons for the lack of supply.,4
2432,"The PWD took swift action to clear the debris caused by the landslide at Senki View and Donyi Polo Road, an official report said on Thursday.   The Naharlagun extra assistant commissioner said the house of a man named Tadar Tarish in Pachin Colony was on the verge of collapse due to river diversion, forcing the family to vacate and relocate elsewhere.  People in Pachin Colony have voluntarily undertaken temporary flood preventive measure by constructing bunds with bamboo and filling empty cement bags with sand, the report said.  Meanwhile, the District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) has put the Emergency Operation Centre on high alert.  On receipt of calls in the helpline number from various sections of affected public, the DDMA has directed all concerned executing agencies to initiate necessary action, the report added.",1
6813,"In Niger, new estimations indicate that there are 1.8 million people in need of food assistance, an increase of some 650,000 people.   The number of food insecure people in the Diffa region is estimated to be 408,000, an increase of 25 percent since last years’ Cadre Harmonisé results",3
11332,"Food and Nutrition: ? Monthly ration is not enough to feed all the family members for one month, it causes hunger, malnutrition and negative coping mechanisms such as selling livestock, borrowing and child labour. ? Violence in the food distribution area as people push each other. The crowd controllers beat people which sometimes causes injuries. ? Uncomfortable space for distribution such as no waiting shade outside the distribution centres. Inside the centres food distribution, the space is very narrow and the pathway is not comfortable for pregnant women and sometimes it creates conflict as people push each other. ? There is no fixed date for distribution and the distribut ion is usually delayed. Inconsistent scooping by food distributors, causing major discrepancies in the quantity of food received by families. ? Lack of food diversity and the current drought aggravates the malnutrition problem. ? Specific dietary needs of certain groups such as pregnant women are not met which causes malnutrition. While some mothers are provided with nutritional supplements, they sell it to buy other food and non-food items.",8
9576,"Health facilities have also been devastated, making it more difficult to provide treatment and care for severely malnourished children. Approximately 220 health centers were destroyed, looted or damaged, leading to a weakening of the health delivery system, reduced access to healthcare and an increased risk in the spread of communicable diseases like measles.",4
5504,"Levels of acute malnutrition in Somalia have increased since July 2016. Results from 27 separate nutrition surveys conducted between November and December 2016 by FSNAU and partners indicate that an estimated 363 000 children under the age of five are acutely malnourished,  including  71  000  who  are  severely  malnourished  and  face  increased  risk  of  morbidity  and  death. Global  Acute Malnutrition (GAM) prevalence is above the Critical (15%) threshold in 13 out of 27 rural and displaced population groups surveyed. Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM) is Critical/Very Critical (4.0%) in 6 out of 27 rural and displaced population groups surveyed. ",8
5220,"The hepatitis E outbreak in the Salamat Region of Chad remains serious, although there has been a slight drop in reported cases since week 29, when 39 new cases were reported. In week 35, there were 20 suspected cases and one death, with cases reported from North Am Timan (9 cases), Amsinéné (4 cases), South Am Timan (4 cases), Mouraye (1 case), Foulonga (1 case) and Aboudeia (1 case). Since the start of the outbreak there have been 1 783 cases, with 22 deaths (overall case fatality rate 1.23%) and 83 hospitalisations, as of 3 September 2017. Of the 64 cases occurring in pregnant women, five died (case fatality rate 7.8%) and 20 were hospitalized.",4
10844,"Lack of Access to Reproductive Healthcare in Sudan’s Rebel-Held Southern Kordofan [EN/AR]All Parties Should Open Way to Lifesaving Health ServicesMost pregnant women have no prenatal care or must rely on local birth attendants without formal training, or trained midwives with no, or insufficient, equipment. When women and girls face complications during labor, they sometimes only reach care after many hours of travel by motorcycle, carried between two men, or transported on beds.",4
6083,"Logistics: The logistic cluster, through helicopter operations, delivered over 246 metric tons (MT) (1,310 m³) of food and non-food items to twelve destinations (inaccessible by road and/or damaged bridges). These deliveries have been facilitated on behalf of COSACA, ADRA, INGC, World Vision and WFP. The logistic cluster also facilitated truck transportation of 136 MT of NFIs on behalf of the government, COSACA, CVM and UNICEF.",6
2825,"Malnutrition related morbidities: Many locations are still reported in catastrophic and emergency IPC phases. In the former famine declared areas, it is estimated that 2100 children with SAM with medical complications will need admission to SC. WHO is currently supporting about 90% of SC across the country. WHO staff participated in a regional workshop for emergency nutrition response to further strengthen response in emergencies.",8
8534,At least 49 people have been detained after protesting against the April 16 referendum results in rallies across Turkey. ,9
11247,"On 27 April, an alleged attack was reported Carried out by the ELN against the Caño Lemon Pipeline Coveñas, in the district of Guamalito (Municipality of El Carmen) that caused a spill of In the Cimitarra gully, source of Water supply for the consumption of Inhabitants of the sector. The fact has generated a Social and environmental emergency, affecting not only Only to the population and water sources but also in Crops, minor species and fish. At the time of writing, Approximately 700 families (4,000 People) would be affected by restriction Access to water. Many people register Symptoms of intoxication due to strong odors Issue the oil spill. By the magnitude of the Emergency classes were suspended. The most affected areas are Las Americas neighborhoods, Uribe Uribe northern sector and Camilo Torres; And sidewalks Hope, El Cajon, Villanueva. The rural community Seeks to move the cattle to another place to avoid Consume contaminated water.",2
8902,He however said the government will immediately give the victims relief items which include shelter materials and food.,10
9066,"Reconstruction/ rehabilitation of all the 193 schools in west of Mosul is required before the academic year starts in September 2017. Schools located in the newly retaken areas are in need of mine clearance by Mine Action agencies, as the recent clashes led to explosive hazard contamination within the schools.",2
11795,"Owing to concerted prevention actions so far taken in Ashara administrative area, Hagaz sub-zone, the prevalence of malaria, has in 2016 declined by 10% as compared to that of 2015. ",4
490,"The current agricultural season is considered to be average throughout the country, despite inadequacy and poor distribution of rainfall in some agricultural areas in the south of the country. However, floods due to heavy rain have caused damage to households and livestock in Menaka, Gourma Rharous, Goundam, Kayes and Koulikoro, which weakens the livelihoods of the affected households. ",3
6787,3% of affected staff were killed by explosive weapons: Nigeria (9 aid workers),9
7601,"Gendered roles also impact on access to nutrition and, due to low numbers of female health staff, there are barriers to females accessing basic services due to cultural issues around visiting male service providers. Many of the new arrivals are children, who face risks to their safety and dignity, including exposure to violence and inadequate access to food and water. Those risks are even higher for unaccompanied children. ",4
1660,"The Government of the Republic of Congo, the United Nations and 16 other humanitarian partners are calling for a $ 23.7 million financial support in a humanitarian response plan to help 138,000 people in need.",1
5276,"“Since April, May, and June there was no rainfall, the farmers cultivated maize but the farms have been destroyed by the fall armyworms,” Kosi said.",3
8997,"This morning, at 2 am on 4th May 2017 Popasnyanskyi Vodocanal (PVK) has stopped water supply to Non-Government Controlled Areas (NGCA) of the Karbonit water system reportedly due to a broken pipe or air valve near Zolote settlement, Luhansk GCA.Karbonit system supplies safe drinking water to 460, 000 people from Luhansk GCA (around 50, 000 people) and NGCA (around 410, 000 people).",11
3023,"Due to continued funding gaps, WFP is only able to provide 75 percent of daily food rations to over 173,000 refugees in camps. In February, this triggered violent clashes between refugees in Kiziba camp and police, resulting in 11 deaths. Despite this, nearly 2,600 Burundian refugees from the DRC, who were fearing forceful deportation to Burundi, fled to Rwanda in February. In the absence of assistance, the refugee camp population would likely be in Crisis (IPC Phase 3).",3
5522,"Serious protection concerns were reported by the community, including cases of gender-based violence against women and girls in transit, abduction of boys and men, cattle raids. There were also concerns regarding unaccompanied and separated children, as many mothers indicated that they did not know where their children were. None of the three schools in the locations where IDPs were staying were functional and most children - who constitute the majority of IDPs - have not attended school since September 2016.",9
7709,"A seasonal increase of acute watery diarrhoea (AWD) has been reported in Cox’s Bazar among Rohingya communities who have crossed from Rakhine state, Myanmar. There is no evidence of a cholera outbreak, although this remains a concern.",4
2102,"Nord-Kivu: 260,000 people affected. 162,000 people in need. ",2
6836,"Since the beginning of the Coastal El Niño event, the number of affected people has further increased and now stands at 1 117 533 persons (from which 156 420 have been left homeless), along with 4 360 km of roads destroyed, 35 284 collapsed and/or inhabitable houses, 603 health facilities and 1 805 education institutions affected.According to recent assessments, around 567 000 persons are without water and sanitation services in the departments of Tumbes, Piura, Lambayeque, La Libertad, and Ancash and at least 22 584 persons are living in shelters (informal / spontaneous) without services. The protection sector is of great concern.The Government of Peru is preparing a National Emergency Plan soon to be released, while the UN is preparing a Flash Appeal.",10
10689,"The five most affected governorates were Amanat Al Asimah, Al Hudaydah, Hajjah, Amran and Ibb with 53.2% (214,281/402,484) of the cases reported since 27 April 2017. Al Mahwit, Al Dhaele’e, and Amran governorates had the highest attack rates (30.8‰, 29.9‰ and 26.8‰ respectively)  Raymah ,Hajjah and Ibb governorates reported the highest case fatality ratios (1.2% ,0.8% and 0.8% respectively) (see table).",4
1098,"Division of Bosnian, serb, and croat identity in Bosnia and Herzegovnia.",9
3137,"The lack of protective learning spaces and the loss and destruction of learning materials, and of legal documents, including education certificates, have been identified as critical education needs. ",2
2637,The cumulative cases of cholera reported from January-July 2017 is 76 236 including 1 157 associated deaths with a case fatality rate of 1.5%,4
10311," The drought is already producing severe water and pasture shortages in pastoral regions, including southern and central areas, Puntland and parts of Somaliland. In the north of Somalia, parts of the Sanaag, Bari, Sool and Nugal districts have experienced repeated poor rainy seasons, severe loss of livestock, and a severe reduction in milk production.",8
3477,"Lack of access through Erez crossing ? High volume of permit requests: In the last two months permit applications increased 20% over the previous month due largely to a high number of repeat applications from patients who were denied or had no response in previous months. ? 58.3% of patients are denied/delayed permits: Of 2,596 patient applications for a permit to exit Gaza through Erez checkpoint for hospital appointments in December, only 41.7% were approved, marking the lowest approval rate recorded by WHO since April 2009. 91 patients (3.5%) were denied permits, among them 8 elderly persons over 60 years, while 1,422 patients (54.8%) received no response, including 323 children and 103 elderly people over 60 (Palestinian District Liaison office in Gaza). ? 65% of patients’ companions are denied/ delayed permits: The approval rate for permit applications of patient companions was 35%; about 9.7% of the companions were denied permits and the remaining 55.3% were still pending at the time of the patients’ hospital dates. ? Security interrogations: 29 patients (17 males; 12 females), among them a female child, were requested by the General Security Services for interviews at Erez during December. 8 were approved. ? Humanitarian health workers through Erez: Of 11 WHO requests, only 3 (27%) were approved. 2 were denied and 6 were pending. ",4
1875,"An estimated 363,000 children under the age of five are acutely malnourished. Some 133,000 children are estimated to have died in Somalia’s last famine.",3
9236,"Access to medical facilities, personnel, and services was critically low, in large part due to the destruction of medical infrastructure and deteriorated security situation, shortages in personnel, high caseloads, and a severe lack of medical supplies.",4
6230,"An estimated 20,000 to 30,000 people have reportedly been affected, according to authorities. Whilst the level of water is decreasing, most schools have reportedly been impacted to some degree and community development centres (where people would ordinarily be relocated in case of disaster) have also been affected. Several main roads are currently impassable, almost cutting off traffic between Balbala suburb and central Djibouti City. Some shelters in Damarjog have been affected.",2
10347,"Results of a SMART survey conducted in January 2017 of IDPs in new camps and emergency centers in northeastern Iraq indicated acceptable levels of acute malnutrition amongst children under five, based on World Health Organization (WHO) cutoff points. A survey of 560 children showed a prevalence of global acute malnutrition of 3.2%, based on weight-for-height scores and/or oedema with rates of malnutrition equal among boys and girls. Overall, 2.7% of children were moderately malnourished (2.9% of boys and 2.5% of girls). Another 0.5% were severely malnourished with rates of 0.4% for boys and 0.7% for girls. Based on Mid-Upper Arm Circumference (MUAC) measurements of 517 children also conducted by nutrition partners as part of the same study, 2.7% of children were considered malnourished with higher rates",8
3234,"Health facilities in the conflict affected areas have been completely or partially damaged leaving them unable to deliver adequate health provision. According to the Health Resources Availability Monitoring System report (HeRAMS), one third of more than 700 health facilities in Borno State have been completely destroyed.",4
3902,"As described in the following table, there are about 402,000 people who remain in need of humanitarian assistance in Rakhine and about 123,000 people with ongoing humanitarian needs in Kachin and northern Shan.",1
900,"• Malnutrition status: An estimated 301,000 children under age five are acutely malnour ished, including approximately 48,000 children suffer ing from severe acute malnutr ition (SAM). The most at r isk are children living in Internally Displaced Per sons (IDP) camps. ",8
11918,Conditions on the Greek islands have continued to deteriorate in the month,10
9444,"According to the quarterly report, 74% of the 389 assessed health care facilities are fully functioning, while 26% facilities were reported non-functioning (9%) or partially functioning with low capacity (17%) (see the Full Report). Operational health care facilities reported difficulties in delivery of the health services due to the interrupted electricity supply (37%), insecurity (4%), interrupted water supply (1%). Among the main reasons for the lack of available outpatient services were lack of health staff, funding and medical supplies. The assessment also revealed that only 32% of comprehensive health centers are providing inpatient services, as defined by the Essential Health Care Package3 , and IMCI4 is provided in only half of health care facilities.",4
2980,"And while autism poses its own unique challenges, many of the difficulties that Umm Muhammad and Muhammad face are endemic to Syria’s rebel-held northwest, where many residents with chronic and mental health conditions find it all but impossible to receive adequate care in a medical sector that barely has the capacity to treat emergency, life-threatening cases.",4
9395,"829,272 people in IPC 3 and 4 from March to May 2017. 19,374 people in IPC 4. 808,898 in IPC 3",3
6853,"In Kenya, according to the Ministry of Health, measles transmission continues in Dadaab refugee camp but is under control. Outbreaks in Somalia and Ethiopia may present a risk to some area of Kenya where there was only 50 per cent vaccination coverage in 2016. In Kenya over 300 cases of Kalazar / Visceral leishmaniasis (VL) have been reported with 7 deaths.",4
6519,March-to-May rainy season is expected to be drier than usual inand the Karamoja region in Uganda. ,5
1155,"Rescuers are digging through the rubble of collapsed buildings in the capital trying to reach survivors, as thousands prepare to spend the night outside as darkness fell. ",9
8025,"Israel’s Ministry of Health has instructed the National Water company, Mekorot, to close two piping stations near the border with the Gaza Strip over fears of water pollution stemming from Gaza’s sewage dumping. In the last two weeks, water purification facilities in Gaza have collapsed and they have not been repaired because of the ongoing electricity crisis.Palestinians in the northern neighborhoods of Gaza — Beit Hanoun and Beit Lahia – have begun pumping sewage into Nahal Hanun, which crosses Israel and empties in the sea. That stream flooded, which experts said, created an environmental hazard, which began to pollute groundwater from the coastal aquifer. Mekorot pumps drinking water from that aquifer, and closed the pumping stations.",11
8197,In Deir Ezzor thousands of civilians are trapped in the crossfire. The shortage of doctors in the area has left many without any access to medical care. ,4
3821,Jawalla  Water has receded off the land in this community. The field visit revealed that eight (8) households were displaced due to the extreme flooding incident.,10
424,"Regarding the nutrition situation, the preliminary results of the nutrition survey conducted in October 2016 found 2% of Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM) in the northern part of the Far North region, equivalent to the WHO emergency threshold. In the eastern region of Adamaoua hosting CAR refugees, the rate of SAM is also alarming, at 1.8%.",8
11052,"Inappropriate infant and young child feeding prac&ces (10% of infants are exclusively breasNed, and only 15% of children 6-23 months are fed in accordance with all three recommended IYCF prac&ces) significantly increase the risk of acute malnutri&on and micronutrient deficiencies, therefore 2.3 mln of pregnant and lacta&ng women and caregivers of children 0-23 months are in need of IYCF counselling.",8
3132,"Second season planting has already begun in this area, as well as other flood affected areas in other parts of Mozambique. The second season relies primarily on residual moisture from the main rainfall season and given the above average and late season rains this year, conditions for the second season are favorable. Crops from the second season are in various stages, ranging from just planted to emergence to vegetative stages. Seed distribution continues to take place, particularly in the flood and cyclone affected areas. In Gaza, 172 MT of seeds were donated by the Humanitarian Country Team (HCT), through the NGO consortium, COSACA, and FAO, exceeding needs. In Inhambane, seed assistance is ongoing through various organizations (German Agrarian Action (AAA) and OXFAM through AJOAGO), and the demand for seeds, particularly for horticulture crops, remains high.",0
2782,"Those who do not have any source of income or are not able to access their financial resources and therefore have a limited de facto, purchase power, reported to have started putting in place worrying coping strategies. Mostly in urban areas, IDPs have started selling belongings, especially gold and silver items. The market for precious metals is tightly linked to the parallel market for cash. ",3
6165,"Meanwhile IOM’s fifth round (May/June) Displacement Tracking Matrix (DTM) identified some 72,000 households or 400,000 people currently displaced mainly due to the ongoing drought conditions, requiring ES/NFI support at a cost of $10 million. According to the ES/NFI Cluster, some 7,000 ES/NFI kits are currently available in stock, leaving a significant gap to address current needs as well as projected needs arising from flood-induced displacements in the coming months.",7
10126,"Maldives police have arrested at least another four opposition members under state of emergency laws for protesting against President Abdulla Yameen’s government, the opposition said on Tuesday.",9
9416,16% of the collective centers do not have access to hygienic latrines .,11
7751,"Assessments undertaken by IOM, WFP and UNHCR at the end of 2017, indicate a worrying humanitarian situation, especially among vulnerable women and children: ? 82% of migrants lack key basic needs; ? 30% of interviewed households are moderately to severely food insecure, nearly all others are “atrisk”; ? Two-thirds are relying on negative crisis coping and 19% on emergency strategies (child labor; prostitution; begging); ? 80% have no access to health services or medicine; ? The nutrition of children and mothers is very precarious, due to poor access to quality and quantity of food, water and medicine.",4
2087,"According to Zebdios, the Ministry has also deployed teams of expert to the areas affected by the armyworm, in addition to spraying more than 47,000 liters of chemical to destroy it.",3
4402,"The prevalence of acute food insecurity among WFP beneficiaries has fallen from over 50 percent in May 2017 to 13 percent in January 2018. Among internally displaced children younger than 5, acute malnutrition declined from 17.3 percent to under 6 percent in the same period. In fiscal year 2018, USAID and WFP are working together to treat over 7,000 malnourished children younger than 5 with specialized nutritious foods.",8
7398,"The food security cluster reported a deterioration of the food security situation in Chad as a result of the Integrated Food Security Phase Classification (IPC) released in March which revealed that from March to May 2018, height departments (Mamdi, Wayi, Fouli, Kaya, Batha Est, Mangalmé, Nord Kanem et Biltine) will be classified under crisis phase (against only four at the same period in 2017) with an estimated 624,000 people (approximately 356,000 children) in need of food and nutritional assistance.",3
8306,"While thousands of Rohingya refugees have made it across the border with Bangladesh, thousands of others are stranded in the no man's land between the two countries, said an IOM spokesperson.",9
10650," All IDP settlements are open / not fenced and exposed to protection risks or possible infiltration of intruders/criminals. There are no street lighting for protection of IDPs specially women or girls going to toilet or call of nature. The local authorities have imposed a curfew restricting movement after 8.00 PM. Some of the IDPs in the settlements reported that they feel safe and protected against violence while many others have raised concerns over potential protection risks due to absence of security personnel in the areas. There are reported increase of robbery and theft incidents in the town, tension building between IDPs and the host communities as the latter believe humanitarian actors were only targeting IDPs. ",9
11809,? Unsafe drinking water along the Euphrates valley – action required with WASH sector and from NES partners.? Increased likelihood of water-/ food-borne and vector-borne diseases over the summer months,11
4620,Seven people in Lamu have been hospitalised in a suspected outbreak of cholera. The patients from Pandanguo village in Witu showed cholera-like symptoms,4
3218,"a field vist to the East region, to the the refugee site of Gado where he met with local authorities, refugees and partners intervening in the site.the necessity to reinforce self-reliance activities, to main the distribution of food rations, and to reinforce basic social assistance (education and health).",3
8834,"If the political situation gets complicated it is possible that the influx of people increases, but this forecast already allows us to help these people for 4 weeks, then the plan can be revised, however it is not necessary to wait for the plan to provide food aid To these people",1
818,"This week between 4,300 and 10,000 people transited through Hammam Al-Alil daily from west Mosul.Families reported that the continuous fighting, shelling, airstrikes, targeting of civilians attempting to flee, and the lack of food, water, and basic services are the main reasons of forced displacement",3
6369,Those who have sought safety in Bangladesh are living in extremely harsh condition: in sprawling camps with rudimentary shelter - often made only of plastic sheeting and bamboo,10
4750,"Women, religious minorities, and transgender people faced violent attacks, discrimination, and government persecution, with authorities failing to provide adequate protection or hold perpetrators accountable. The inclusion of the transgender population in the 2017 census and the first-ever proposed transgender law were positive developments. ",9
6394,"SMART surveys update: Acute malnutrition has worsened as compared to the same period last year and remains high in many parts of South Sudan. Results from 55 county level SMART surveys, MUAC screenings as well as disaggregated county level FSNMS data conducted between April – September 2017 by partners at county level, selected payams and POC across South Sudan indicate critical nutrition situation. Counties in Renk (Upper Nile) Twic (Warrap) as well as Greater Baggari in Wau, (WBeG) have shown level of extreme critical levels of acute malnutrition (Phase 5; GAM WHZ ?30 percent) while the bulk of the counties (31 counties) in Lakes, NBeG, Unity, parts of Jonglei, WBeG and Eastern Equitoria, show critical levels of acute malnutrition (Phase 4; GAM WHZ 15.0 to 29.9 percent). Estimates for all of South Sudan including extrapolation and trend analysis on areas not covered by the assessments indicate that the overall number of acutely malnourished is likely to remain substantially high, with over 1.1 children under the age of five acutely malnourished in 2018, including more than 269,000 children likely to be severely malnourished. The main contributing factors to these malnutrition rates are the unprecedented high food insecurity, widespread fighting, displacement and poor access to services, high morbidity, extremely poor diet (in terms of both quality and quantity), low coverage of sanitation facilities and poor hygiene practices.",8
11801,"The key needs include: emergency shelter (new EESK) for those newly displaced; longer term shelter approach including cash for rent linked to a livelihood activities, transitional shelter and relocation of schools; winterisation support (including cash assistance); site management activities – including managing sites and ensuring IDP self-management structures are in place; and emergency return/rehabilitation assistance – cash based or in kind.",7
9774,The residents and local officials of Imam Sahib district in northern Kunduz province have been worried over the growing insecurity and said clearing operation in the district had been postponed without reason.,9
4103,"Access to water remains extremely limited, with KIs reporting that almost no one has sufficient water for their needs. With the main water network not functioning for months, the remaining population is relying exclusively on recently-drilled boreholes for water, of which all with the exception of one reportedly caused sickness. There are reportedly long queues to access water from the boreholes. These expose civilians to significant conflict-related safety risks",9
8815,":ALPS is an indicator that monitors local food commodity prices and measures the extent to which food commodities found on local markets experience unusually high food price levels for a specific month of the year. In December 2016, 33 markets across southern Africa were in Alert. This is a 22% increase from November 2016. Out of the 33 markets in Alert, 17 were in Zambia, 12 in Tanzania and 4 in Malawi.",3
9320,"In Mali, prices of millet and sorghum continue to rise, although some declines were reported in the north of the country with the free distribution of grains from the Commissary for Food Security.",5
5916,"A recent report by the Refugee Data Project documented a lack of access to sanitation, clean drinking water, food and medical care for asylum seekers in Ventimiglia. Out of 150 people surveyed, 42 percent knew someone who had died trying to cross the border, and over 40 percent said they had experienced violence from both French and Italian police, including verbal abuse, physical assault, and being tear-gassed. Sixty-one percent of people said that they had been taken by Italian police and deposited in Taranto. “There are some guys who went to Taranto four or five times. It is something that destroys you physically and mentally,” a volunteer named Sara, who asked me not to use her last name out of fear of police harassment, told me.",11
790,"Lunar New Year celebrations have been disrupted across Peninsular Malaysia as several waves of flooding triggered by seasonal heavy rains have affected have affected nearly 15,000 people across 6 states.As of today, nearly 7,800 people remain in evacuation centres. Johor and Pahang States have been particularly hard hit",7
8385,"The main health concern is the risk of an outbreak of diarrheal diseases within the camps. During the interviews, 4 diarrheal cases were reported among the displaced with a high likelihood for potential outbreaks considering the poor hygiene and sanitation conditions. A case of a patient undergoing treatment for tuberculosis was also reported in CIFA camp, hence the need for close monitoring and isolation, where need be, to contain the disease. The assessment further established that over 500 women are pregnant with significant numbers lactating. There is limited access to health care mainly because of insecurity and inadequate health care services. Most of the health facilities are not adequately stocked with medication and other non-pharmaceuticals. It was also noted that the displaced have inherent social and cultural aspects that influence their health seeking behaviour. KRCS will ensure that health services and facilities are culturallyappropriate for females and males of all ages, including older people and people with disabilities. There were also reports of 5 unskilled deliveries at the temporary shelters, and with no blankets and fear of infants getting exposed to cold, possibility of respiratory infections is an issue the team is concerned about. The affected population encountered ordeal experiences during conflict. Some lost property, loved ones and others are living in fear, distress and panic, hence the need for psychosocial support to take them through this period of grief. Gender and diversity analysis will be conducted on all the data to ensure that the most vulnerable are able to access services.",4
9380,"The more than 679,400 people who experienced food insecurity in Lesotho in December are likely to continue facing acute food insecurity through May, FEWS NET estimates. High staple prices are a critical factor contributing to food insecurity; in November, staple food prices in Lesotho remained 22 percent higher than the five-year average, negatively affecting purchasing power for market-dependent poor households, according to WFP.",3
10056,The town’s problems are nothing new. It has long been short of water. But since 2015 outdated and poorly maintained equipment has been threatening disaster. The steam desalination plant is currently working at only ten percent capacity. But now the boss of the water plant Fatalla Selim is warning that he is running out of chemicals needed to make water potable. ,11
7322, the United Nations Mine Action Service (UNMAS) successfully implemented a special-to-theatre training of 12 Libyan Military Engineers. The month-long training aimed to enhance the Libyan capacity to carry out Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) and respond to the contamination resulting from protracted armed conflict.,5
11210,"While continuing the delivery of life-saving assistance, in particular for those populations that have not yet been reached, the humanitarian response plan will need to support returning IDPs during the course of their reintegration. Twoyears of conflict have destroyed both living and productive assets across all affected areas: early recovery interventions will include the rehabilitation of schools and health facilities; rebuilding of houses, roads and bridges; and resumption of the agricultural cycle.",2
4014,"Even though mortality rates found during the 2017 Deyr assessment are relatively low, most of the already malnourished children are susceptible to diseases. Therefore, nutrition and health support interventions should to these areas should be complemented with sustained efforts to reduce morbidity by educating households on proper care and hygiene practices and improving health seeking behaviour.",4
11612,"The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and Erbil Governorate completed the rehabilitation of the main water treatment plant in Rawanduz sub-district, which provided safe drinking water to over 33,000 people, including 2,000 internally displaced people (IDPs).“Because of the poor quality of water, local communities, especially children, were suffering from waterborne diseases. This project will increase the supply of drinking water to households from 1.5 hours over two days to 24 hours a day/seven days a week. This is a remarkable achievement. We are confident that the improved access to safe water will prevent potential future outbreaks of water-related diseases”, said the Mayor of Rawanduz, Mrs. Kwestan Qadir.",11
3628,"14 neonatal mortalities reported in the 3rd quarter, with a neonatal mortality rate (NNMR) of 16.1/1,000 livebirths, and proportional under five mortality of 67%. NNMR in third quarter of 2017 almost doubled compared to the second quarter of 2017 (8.1/1,000 livebirths) and higher than Jordan’s NNMR (14.9/1,000 livebirths), and the NNMR in 2016 (10.0/1,000 livebirths).  ",4
8807,"In the Diffa region of Niger, UNICEF explains, some 150,000 people are living in makeshift shelters and will be exposed to heavy rains and unsanitary conditions.",10
8195,"Multiple disease outbreaks have been reported during the reporting period, including dengue fever in Mombasa, Kilifi, Kwale, Wajir and Nairobi, with 474 cases reported so far (majority in Mombasa - 437 cases). Eight cases of Anthrax have also been reported in Kiambu County, and the country is on alert for Ebola Virus Disease due to outbreak in a remote location of DRC. Localized cholera outbreaks are being reported, with 10 cases (nine confirmed and one death) reported in Nairobi, one suspected death case in Vihiga county (linked to the Nairobi outbreak), two suspected cases in Kiambu County, and seven cases (one confirmed and one death) in Muranga County. Both Kiambu and Muranga counties are bordering Nairobi County. Investigations of both dengue and anthrax have been conducted by national Ministry of health (MOH), supported by partners. A total of 14 confirmed measles cases have been reported since the outbreak in end February, and 84 cholera cases have been reported from Dadaab Refugee Complex since 2 April. In 2017, a total of 281 cholera cases (18 per cent are laboratory confirmed) with 5 deaths (case fatality rate of 1.8 per cent) have been reported from Tana River County. However, no new cases have been reported during the last month. ",4
225,"The National Disaster Operations Centre has reported that floods have displaced at least 300,000 people and killed 100 people across Kenya as of 30 April. Houses have been destroyed and infrastructure - such as roads, schools and health facilities damaged. At least 8,500 hectares of farmland were submerged and 6,000 livestock killed. Forty of Kenya’s 47 counties have been affected by flooding to some extent but the most-affected counties are Garissa, Isiolo, Kisumu, Mandera, Marsabit, Narok, Samburu, Taita, Tana River, Turkana, Wajir and West Pokot. The Kenya Meteorological Department has warned that heavy rains are expected to continue throughout the already affected counties, with the risk of additional flooding over the coming weeks",10
6260,"As many as 500 protesters rallied from the embassy of Pakistan to the Baraki Barak Square and chanted slogans of death to Taliban, death to ISI, Pakistan embassy is spy net and “ISI is our killer”.",9
11506,"Flooding has had an impact on 24 of Peru’s departments at the national level, particularly in the affected zones; currently, 72,115 people’s homes have been affected, 62 people have perished and 170 people have been injured.",10
5475,"WHO estimates that every week, around 8500 people are infected with the disease in Borno state. With the high transmission season for malaria lasting through October, WHO expects these numbers will increase",4
10136,"In the Gaza Strip, on 11 September 2017, Israeli forces moved 80 meters into al-Qararah village, northeast of Khan Younis, south of the Gaza Strip.  Israeli forces combed and levelled the agricultural lands along the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. Israeli forces later redeployed along the fence.",5
2610," Round XIII reported that 1.6 million people remain internally displaced, of whom 55 per cent are children, including 8.2 per cent being infants under one year old.",9
7227,"Long-standing conflict in Kachin and Shan, inter-communal tensions in Rakhine, and recurrent climate-related shocks continue to undermine the stability and availability of food supplies as well as physical and economic access to food. With an estimated 779,000 people unable to meet their minimum dietary requirements, food security remains a major issue among the displaced (including the newly displaced in 2017), returned/relocated, and other crisis-affected people in Kachin, Kayin, Shan and Rakhine states.",3
11748,"Living conditions are unacceptable, with many people sleeping on the ground under mosquito nets. “They have survived several attacks and have been forced to abandon their previous shelters. Each time, they lose some possessions and many have nothing left,” says Stéphane Reynier de Montlaux, MSF emergency coordinator. ",10
1209,"Efforts to combat cholera are ongoing, as the latest UN figures indicate that over 425,000 suspected cases and 1,895 deaths are associated with the most recent outbreak. Since 27 April, UNHCR has worked to confront the cholera epidemic in areas with a high concentration of refugees, through prevention and awareness activities in supported health and community centres, dissemination of translated materials to refugees and surrounding host communities, early case detection / surveillance and referral services",4
9805,"3.4m Kenyans at risk of starvation as maize harvest falls short in 2017In Summary -Maize production is expected to decline by between 20 and 30 per cent this crop year due to insufficient long rains and infestation by the fall armyworm across 27 counties. A ban on maize exports by Tanzania saw exports to Kenya plunge by 54 per cent below average, and mostly through informal channels, according to Ministry of Agriculture data. According to the 2017 Long Rains Season Assessment Report, Kenya did not experience sufficient rains between March and May with some areas receiving as low as 50 per cent of normal rainfall. The number of Kenyans staring at starvation is projected to increase in the coming months to 3.4 million, from 2.6 million identified at the beginning of the year.",3
873,"The last ten days have seen important developments in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC): the end of the DR Congo Catholic Church’s attempts to implement its 31 December agreement, more violence in the Kasai provinces, a new UN Security Council resolution, and a speech by President Kabila announcing the imminent appointment of a new prime minister. How are all these connected? ",9
6365,"  KAMPALA, Uganda — An outbreak of malaria has killed over 4,000 people in Burundi so far this year, the United Nations said Wednesday, a dramatic rise over the 700 victims the government announced just two weeks ago.   There have been over 9 million cases of malaria in the East African nation since January 2016, according to the report by the U.N. humanitarian office. Burundi, one of the world’s poorest countries, has a population of about 11 million.",4
5758,NFI / Shelter: many returnees nd their previous homes in a dilapidated state in need of repairs or rehabilitation. Returnees need tools and shelter materials. These homes risk to burn in bush-res during the dry season 2017/2018 due to the vegetation that took over during the owner’s absence. Returnees need tools to cut down the grass surrounding their homes.,10
6476,"291,000 damnificados (sinistrés) 1,4M affected 53,017 dengue cases Schools affected 2,840  Across the country ",4
3451,"This week between 4,300 and 10,000 people transited through Hammam Al-Alil daily from west Mosul.Families reported that the continuous fighting, shelling, airstrikes, targeting of civilians attempting to flee, and the lack of food, water, and basic services are the main reasons of forced displacement",3
4961," The leader of Kyrgyzstan's opposition Ata-Meken (Fatherland) party, Omurbek Tekebaev, has gone on trial on corruption charges he says are politically motivated.",9
9437," 232 persons with special needs (PSNs) including 114 un-accompanied minors and separated children (UASC) have been identified, and also people with disabilities (PWD), survivors of SGBV as experienced in Congo and on transit to the country of refuge, and other vulnerabilities, need to be identified and addressed. The new entry points lack adequate shelter for persons with special needs more vulnerabilities.",10
3947,"Over 6,000 employees, including doctors and nurses, working in hospitals and primary healthcare clinics have not been paid their salaries regularly since July 2014, and receive an average of 40% of their salary every 40 to 50 days ? The reconciliation and efforts to overcome the internal Palestinian political divide has led to some 500 health workers returning to work in Gaza after 10 years of limited clinical practice ? From the 11th February to 20th February 2018, the cleaning services came to a halt over payment delays. In Shifa Hospital, Gaza’s largest hospital, 600 surgeries were postponed and only one out of the 18 operational theatres was functioning",4
6005,"On November 26th 2016, a fire in Jammu’s Narwal refugee settlement destroyed several houses and four people including three children died. ",9
6266,"Prices have plummeted, further eroding the ability of families to get enough food. John says that currently a goat can only fetch around 1,000 Kenyan shillings (US$10), down from 3,000 to 4,000 (US$30-40) prior to the onset of the drought.",5
7401,"Separately, in Malek in Bor South about 1,400 people - mainly women and children - were sheltering in a non-functioning school during an assessment carried out on 18 May. The school was overcrowded, increasing the risk of communicable diseases. There were also no latrines available, forcing IDPs to defecate in the bush. The health facility in the area reported an acute shortage of essential medical supplies.",10
9080,"Health facilities have also been devastated, making it more difficult to provide treatment and care for severely malnourished children. Approximately 220 health centers were destroyed, looted or damaged, leading to a weakening of the health delivery system, reduced access to healthcare and an increased risk in the spread of communicable diseases like measles.",4
1635,"Niger is a land-locked and food-deficit Sahel country. Just over half the population is under the age of 15. Gender disparities persist and continue to strongly challenge the country’s development. With a demographic growth of 3.9 percent, it is one of the highest in the world. Food and nutrition insecurity in Niger remains above WHO serious threshold. This situation stems from poverty, environmental degradation, and cyclical shocks. Repeated droughts, floods, and desertification mark the ecological fragility of the country. This in turn has a significant negative impact on livelihoods as the economy is strongly reliant on climate sensitive sectors such as agriculture. The population is predominantly rural, and 80 percent are in a situation of extreme poverty. Access to markets is limited. The weakness of insurance and other risk mitigation mechanisms impedes the country’s development. Persisting regional volatility and security problems reinforce the fragility.",3
1097,"WASH: UNICEF, COSACA and World Vision assisted over 50,000 displaced people in accommodation centres and resettlement areas through widespread distribution of emergency WASH items, construction of communal latrines and water distribut ion. World Vision and COSACA also supported hygiene promotion committees in 52 resettlement areas where key messages about cholera prevention, water treatment, latrine use, hand washing and mosquito control were delivered. In the flood and cholera affected provinces, 100,000 people have received Certeza for household water treatment.",11
10500,"Over the years, Mauritanians in the area, most of whom are herders or farmers, have accused the refugees of stealing their livestock and over-using the sparse local resources, especially wood and water.'It's a bit difficult, especially if the aid doesn't equally cover both [groups'] needs,' he told Al Jazeera in an interview from a community centre in the camp. 'The host community says they're the ones who accepted to welcome the refugees, and these refugees are the ones exploiting the natural resources in their village.  'They're asking the question: 'How is it that these refugees, whom we welcomed with open arms, have become the main cause of our poverty?''",5
1192,"Around 10,000 people fled to the bush surrounding the town or to nearby places. Another 10,000 people crossed over the border to Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and are staying in a makeshift camp there. The camp is in a remote area, two days’ walk from the nearest village. Pregnant women have to give birth in the bush. There is minimum shelter and few mosquito nets, increasing the already high risk of malaria. There is no clean drinking water or sanitation, and our local staff team there reports an increase in cases of diarrhoea.",4
11994,"3.4 million people are severely food insecure, which represents an increase from the previous year. Another 5.9 million are moderately foodinsecure, in a situation where they cannot sustainably cope with shocks and resort to asset depleting strategies in order to cater to their needs.",3
3216,"Livestock-dependent households are struggling to sustain their animals amidst parched rangelands and scarce water sources in southern and southeastern Ethiopia. Priority pastoralist areas are Borena zone of Oromia, South Omo zone of SNNP and southern zones of Somali regions. The ongoing long dry season is further enhancing vulnerabilities and compromising the livelihoods of the worst-affected. If response is not sufficient, the risks are massive and the costs high",5
5748,"Since September 2016, 1,390 suspected cases of Hepatitis E (76 in April) have been reported in the 3 health districts of Salamat, of which 206 cases were tested and 100 of these confirmed positive (positive rate of 48.5%), and 13 deaths reported (none this month). Since the Ministry of Public Health officially declared a Hepatitis E epidemic in the region of Salamat, the epidemiologic surveillance has been extended to the region’s 3 health districts and the 42 areas of responsibility (12 in Aboudeia, 18 in Am Timan, and 12 in Haraze health districts). The trend showing a significant decrease of jaundice cases has been confirmed this month, going from 80 cases/week in February to less than 20 cases/week in April. In Am Timan, where the first cases came from, the two most affected neighborhoods are Ganatir and Taradona, where a lack of good hygiene practices and sanitation facilities persist. Access to drinking water in this region is difficult.",4
3508,"From 2015 to 2016, overall IDP food insecurity has increased: only 6 percent of all IDPs  were food insecure (moderately or severely) in 2015. In addition to those already food  insecure,  62  percent of  all  the  IDP  households  are  at  risk  of  slipping  into  food  insecurity. The  developments  are  related  to  the  significant  rise  in  food  prices,  depreciation of the Libyan dinar, as well as the lack of liquidity in the Libyan banks. ",5
8026,The NATO’s Resolute Support Mission on Monday announced to deploy about 200 troops in western Farah province in order to support the Afghan security forces.,9
8108,"Current Situation – Lainya, Kajo-Keji, Yei, and Morobo of Central Equatoria The late onset of rainfall in bimodal areas of Greater Equatoria, coupled with ongoing insecurity and limited productive assets, has negatively impacted first-season cultivation in Kajo-Keji, Lainya, Yei, and Morobo. First-season cultivation was largely confined to areas nearby homesteads as insecurity has displaced households to urban areas and restricted access to farms. Continued sporadic clashes have also limited access to cassava fields, wild foods, and the sale of firewood/charcoal. The Kaya-Yei road remains officially closed due to insecurity and trade flows along this route are very limited. As a result, few goods are reaching Yei and Lainya, driving up food prices. The price of a kilogram of sorghum is 64 SSP in Lainya, 70 SSP in Yei, and 75 SSP in Kajo-Keji. Households in Kajo-Keji, though, have access to Mijale market near the Ugandan border, where prices are relatively lower. Prior to the outbreak of conflict, the main source of income for poor households in these counties was the sale of crops. Given restricted trade routes and lower production, most households have lost this source of income and purchasing capacity is low. Most households have depleted household food stocks from the 2016 second season harvest. A rapid food security assessment conducted by UN agencies and NGO partners in May 2017 of 59 households in Lainya found that 61 percent had a poor FCS and 25 percent had a severe HHS. In Kajo-Keji, the same assessment among 84 households found 44 percent of households had a poor FCS and 37 percent had a severe HHS. The FCS in both these counties are indicative of Emergency (IPC Phase 4) and the HHS is indicative of Crisis (IPC Phase 3). In Yei County, among 76 households, the same rapid assessment found 17 percent of households had a poor FCS, indicative of Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes. It should be noted, though, that these results are among a small sample size and not representative of the counties. Insecurity continues to limit the delivery of emergency assistance. No beneficiaries in Lainya, Yei, Kajo-Keji, or Morobo have been reached with emergency food assistance between January and May. With limited access to their fields or income to purchase crops, households in Lainya and Yei are heavily dependent on wild foods and are Emergency (IPC Phase 4). In Morobo and Kajo-Keji, where movement is less restricted and access to Uganda is relatively better, Crisis (IPC Phase 3) persist.",3
6467,"The crop yields declined by 98, 89 and 93 percents of LTA, for maize, sorghum and cowpeas respectively (Table 2) due to poor rainfall distribution in terms of space and time; which resulted in about 90 percent crop failure. Thus affecting household food availability and access and hence impacting negatively on food consumption for the agro-pastoral livelihood areas of Turkana East and Turkana South.",3
2661,"Agencies in Bangladesh are increasingly concerned about the risk of an outbreak of disease when the monsoon season arrives. The outbreak of diptheria continues, with almost 200 cases reported in the last week, while numerous cases of acute jaundice, including Hepatitis A, also continue to be reported. 54 health facilities are located in flood prone areas, and the majority of structures are not built to withstand strong winds or cyclones. 3",4
1610,"As most people are well aware, the immediate impacts of flooding include loss of human life, damage to property, destruction of crops, loss of livestock, and deterioration of health conditions owing to waterborne diseases.",0
9496," WHO action ? WHO in collaboration with MoH and partners developed an intensified strategic and operational plan to rapidly reduce dengue morbidity and mortality. The plan was accepted by the Minister of Health. ? The plan aims to reduce transmission of dengue and thereby the number of cases by more than 50% over a period of 4 weeks in high risk districts of the country and to reduce mortality of dengue by enhancing current case management strategies. ? It calls for a concerted and strategic community mobilization campaign to scale up vector control activities with a whole of society approach. ? An evidence-based action plan for case management by scaling up infrastructure in hospitals and developing clinical management training programmes is presented in the action plan. ? WHO SEARO Entomologist conducted training for entomologists, public health field staff, Public Health Inspectors and Medical Officers of Health on identification and elimination of mosquito breeding sites. ? WHO vector control experts assisted with field inspections for mosquito breeding sites and provided technical input to improving inspection and proper elimination of breeding sites. ? A media workshop on dengue prevention and control was held on 27 July to brief the media on the current situation, and to enlist their support in disseminating credible and actionable information to the general public on how they can protect themselves against dengue. ",4
4911," With about 500 people arriving in Lesvos every week, the overcrowding, as well as the increased demand for health care and other services, is pushing the camp to the breaking point. MSF is calling on the Greek authorities to immediately transfer people from Lesvos to the Greek mainland, and to immediately scale up the provision of health care on the island. ",4
9215,"“We’ve been working in that community for a few years, running a disaster risk reduction project. There are about 50 Red Cross volunteers in the Torres islands, and we have also set up community disaster committees there,” Mr Garae says.  “Through the training we’ve done with all the community disaster committees and area councils, they’re now all part of the Red Cross Movement.”  The value of Red Cross VHF radios was also proven during the emergency, with the Vanuatu government’s National Disaster Management Office (NDMO) able to make contact with the Torres island community through the Red Cross Torres radi",1
10103,"29,706 Total children under 5 with Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM)",8
1369,"Indigenous Maasai people in Loliondo region,Tanzania have been facing new cases of forced evictions and human rights violations, a major international organisation supporting indigenous peoples’ struggle for human rights and self-determination warned. On the 13 and 14 August 2017, an estimated 185 Maasai bomas (homesteads) were burned down by Serengeti National Park (SENAPA) and Ngorongoro Conservation Area Authority (NCAA) rangers, supported by police from Loliondo.",9
11489,"Between 1 May 2017 and 1 May 2018, the UN has recorded 36 attacks on medical facilities, personnel or patients, although the actual number is likely to be significantly higher. Among the incidents cited, the Sabha Medical Centre in southern Libya was shelled or hit by stray bullets 15 times between February and May. In November 2017, the Jalaa Hospital in Benghazi saw people shooting in the corridors with AK-47s.",4
11880,"The migrants, refugees and asylum-seekers in detention as a result of the Sabratha escalation of conflict face a wide range of needs. This includes ongoing health needs, as some 45% of migrants presented dermatologic problems; other common challenges are gastroenteritis and trauma injuries. Additionally, some 5% of women need ante-natal care. There is a need to ensure that migrants are included in the national vaccination campaign of 28 October to 2 November. The level of malnutrition needs to beidentified, and child-specific interventions included as required. A WASH assessment identified the urgent need for access to safe drinking water, appropriate and gender segregated sanitation facilities, and hygiene promotion programs. Mental health and psychosocial support were identified as a critical need with insufficient capacity. Child protection interventions and family tracing activities for unaccompanied and separated children are required. There are no non-food item (NFI) needs and until 19 October food needs were covered.",8
11319,"? The Rohingya crisis is a human rights crisis with serious humanitarian consequences. In Myanmar/Burma, the Rohingya have very limited access to basic services and viable livelihood opportunities due to strict movement restrictions. The statelessness of and the discrimination against the Rohingya must urgently be addressed.",9
4726,"between 26 March and 10 April 2017.Maungdaw district :Income opportunities were scarce, households could not access sufficient food to cover their needs, and were employing disruptive coping strategies to manage the food gaps. Compared to the period of January-April 2016, food prices have increased on average by 7.4 percent while the purchasing power of households has dropped by 44 percent. Nearly half of the markets were not or only partially functioning. Food prices were highly volatile, and supply of affordable dried fish, a main source of proteins for the population, was scarce.e. It is estimated that about 38,000 households corresponding to 225,800 people are in need of humanitarian assistance",3
4809," More than 4.5 million people require assistance with shelter, nonfood items (NFIs), or management of collective centres in which they are living. Of these people, 3.9 million are in areas of acute need. This represents an enormous 748 per cent increase since late 2014 – the result of large-scale population movements during 19 months of conflict. ",7
5869,"As an emergency clinic was the single medical facility reported as functioning during the assessment period, residents had extremely limited access to medical services. Following the rapid escalation of aerial bombardment, the already-stretched medical facilities could not cope with the additional demand for medical care. According to reports, the only functioning general hospital in Duma, providing services to about 100,000 residents in the region6 , was damaged during the air strikes on Duma, and as such, could only operate as an emergency care point from then on. WHO has confirmed that two health facilities were affected by the attacks during the assessment period.6 • While residents had previously travelled to facilities in neighbouring communities, CRs reported that the protection risks involved with travel meant that these facilities were no longer accessible. AVAILABILITY OF MEDICAL PERSONNEL AND SERVICES • While medical facilities were limited, there were reportedly several types of professionally trained medical personnel available in the community. These included surgeons, doctors, nurses, midwives, and anaesthesiologists. • As such, residents had some access to emergency care, only providing first aid and surgery if the medical equipment was available. However, diabetes care, mental healthcare, and psychosocial support were not available to residents. AVAILABILITY OF MEDICAL ITEMS • Despite the availability of some professionally trained medical personnel in Duma, the insufficiency of medical facilities and limited access to necessary medical supplies has led to a major medical crisis in Eastern Ghouta. Some medical supplies have systematically not been permitted entry and have reportedly been taken out of commercial and humanitarian deliveries.13 • In Duma, availability of medical items was reportedly limited: blood transfusion bags and some types of surgical scissors were sometimes available, while antibiotics were rarely available. 5 Only expired anaesthetics were available to residents, with CRs reporting that only certain types of expired anaesthetics were utilised as it was widely known that they do not have side effects. Other medical items, including blood stores, clean bandages, and clean syringes were not available at all. Coping Strategies: • Given the paucity of medical care, residents and medical personnel employed several strategies to cope with a lack of access to adequate medical care and supplies. • Residents of Duma reportedly resorted to treating themselves at home, asking untrained civilians for medical care, and using non-medical items for treatment. Meanwhile, medical personnel were forced to deny medical care to less serious cases to conserve resources, share medical resources, and recycle medical items. Some medical personnel also treated patients in non-medical and unsterile facilities. Medical personnel were unable to refer patients to other facilities outside of the community given the severe protection risks associated with movement. Barriers to Healthcare: • The deteriorated security situation was the main barrier to accessing healthcare reported in Duma; residents were sometimes unable to access medical services, even within the community, due to facilities being damaged or destroyed as well as their inability to leave underground shelters. Upon visiting the facility, residents would face limited medical services available and a lack of medical equipment or supplies. Despite medical professionals being present, they were unable to cope with the demand for medical care. • While there was some (limited) medical infrastructure and medical personnel, high caseloads restricted access to the most severe of cases only, and even then reportedly not all severe cases would receive medical care. Following the alleged use of weaponised chemical substances on 7 April, over 1,000 people were reported to require medical care for respiratory illnesses.5 The already stretched medical services were reportedly overrun with patients. • The partial destruction of the only general hospital, as well as mass casualties and injuries in the assessment period, has placed further strain on the medical infrastructure of Duma.",4
6798," As of 8 March at 7.00 UTC, local media reported at least 3 deaths in Maroantsetra municipality and Mananara Nord (Analanjirofo), at least 6 injuries, and 500 people displaced in Analanjirofo. Local media also reported damaged houses and traffic disruptions.",7
745,"Living conditions are deteriorating in Sviati Hory collective center, which hosts 250 IDPs: there is no hot water, some people live in the basement, which is infested with mice, and sanitary conditions are sub-standard. At the same time, price of rent has recently doubled.",10
10873,"Not only did overcrowding make it physically impossible at times for MSF teams to enter the cells and triage the people detained inside, it further increased tension and violence. MSF team members were harassed and threatened, and patients experienced violence and mistreatment. From September to December 2017 the MSF team treated more than 76 people for violence-related injuries, including broken limbs, electrical burns, and gunshot wounds. ",9
8154,"NORTH KIVU: CHOLERA EPIDEMIC OFFICIAL DECLARED IN GOMA  Provincial health authorities on 11 July con?rmed a cholera epidemic in the city of Goma and its surroundings. From 26 June to 10 July, the Provincial Health Division reported 457 cases of cholera and 4 deaths. The dysfunctional water supply company, the use of untreated water from Lake Kivu, poor infrastructures and a dry season that lasted longer than usual are cited as factors that contributed to the outbreak. Seven cholera treatment centers are operational as well as 6 water puri?cation points.",11
4722,"Bananas, tomatoes, eggplants, and sweet corn are among the crops in the mountain barangays in Cebu City damaged by tropical typhoon Urduja.City agriculturist Apple Tribunalo said the crops are in Adlaon, Taptap, Sudlon 1, Sudlon 2, Sinsin, Bonbon, Pungol Sibugay, Sirao, Guba, Lusaran, Babag, and Malubog",5
4123,"Al-Shabaab insurgents continue to be active in the eastern counties bordering Somalia. These attacks are generally close to the Somali border and are concentrated in Man- dera County in the extreme north east (see Figure 8). The majority of recent attacks are IED or other explosions, typically targeting civilians or local police. When attacking the Mandera area, al-Shabaab typically launches raids from the adjacent Somali town of Bula Hawo, and often returns back to Somalia the same day. Over the past month, al-Shabaab’s focus has shifted to Lamu County in the south where a series of attacks caused nine civilian fatalities and a destroyed police post over the course of only a few days (The Independent, 8 July 2017). An emerging tactic of the group is the abduction of security personnel for ransom or to extract strategic informationfrom the abductees (Somali Update, 16 May, 2017). Oth- er al-Shabaab targets are telecommunication masts and other radio equipment, with the intention of cutting mili- tary communications between Mandera and the rest of the county. Attacks on communication infrastructure sometimes foreshadow an upcoming attack on soldiers or other government personnel, as victims are less able to call for reinforcements. ",9
8976,"Acute shortages of health care staff and functioning health care facilities mean that people with life-threatening illnesses or injuries may not receive life-saving care. ? Unsafe water and poor hygiene practices among displaced people in shelters increase the risk of water- and food-borne diseases. ? Unvaccinated children are at high risk of contracting life-threatening diseases such as measles and polio. ? Increasing incidence of communicable diseases such as acute diarrhea, upper tract respiratory infections, lice and scabies, digestive disorders (vomiting, gastric spasms) among children. Suspected cases of viral hepatitis have been reported. ? Sub-optimal referral services for seriously ill or wounded patients who require further hospitalization. (Even when referral services are working well, access issues may prevent the transfer of patients to hospitals in some areas). ? Inadequate antenatal care services for pregnant women, and lack of contraceptives (IUDs, oral contraceptives, injectable, male condoms). ? Lack of mental health and psycho-social support services for both children and adults. ? A number of people arriving to Idleb on buses had medical issues. These people required urgent and immediate medical care by health care providers on arrivalGaps & Constraints: ? Improve access to basic and advanced health care services; revitalize public health care facilities. ? Deploy mobile medical teams/clinics; train health care workers; provide routine vaccination for children. ? Donate medicines, equipment and supplies to support diagnostic and treatment services in health care facilities and mobile teams/clinics. ? Improve the emergency referral system in public health care facilities, and strengthen preparedness and response levels to improve the management of trauma and other patients.",4
8797,"The Movable Property Security Interest Bill, introduced Tuesday by Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa, seeks to make it easier for Zimbabwe's burgeoning informal sector to access bank funds.  A copy of the bill seen Wednesday by Reuters defines movable property as 'any tangible or intangible property other than immovable property.' ",5
11579,"The humanitarian aid needs of families remaining in affected areas have been underestimated. Many families are not considered victims, but have also suffered and do not have enough income because there are barriers to employment. Food insecurity has increased in the affected areas and families face inadequate environmental health conditions that expose them to endemic diseases (dengue and leptospirosis, among others). ",3
2366,"Increased water supply is expected in areas where normal rains will be experienced. In such cases, communities should take advantage of the rains to harvest rain-water for future use, using simple technologies. On the other hand, in case of depressed rains replenishing of the surface water points may be minimal and therefore communities should use the available resources sparingly.",11
1714,? Ongoing protection gaps include the absence of birth registration and documentation for refugee children across the state and a women’s centre is needed at El Ferdous to support women’s protection activities and service access. erast darfur,9
7137,"The heavy shower over the past two days has flooded the low-lying areas of Lama, Ali kadam and Naikhongchhari upazilas of Bandarban and some parts of Moulvibazar district. Sources said the rise in Matamuhuri River water flooded the areas, leaving at least 30 thousand people stranded and snapping road connections. Besides, the rise of water level in the river of Sangu creates a bar to plying of tourists boat. The flood-affected people are taking shelter on the hospital and school premises in the area with the apprehension of landslide, according to upazila administration sources.",10
3616," It is estimated that in 2017, more than 1.9 million people will be affected by at least one crisis, including food insecurity and malnutrition, population movement, epidemics and natural disasters.",4
7700,"Cyclone Dineo has formed in the Mozambique Channel, the fifth cyclone of the 2016/17 Southern Hemisphere cyclone season.Sea surface temperatures off the west coast of Madagascar are just over 30 degrees Celsius. This is where we have the bulk of the thunderstorms. ",7
567,Provision of safe drinking water through water purification tablet and household (HH) level water filter. ,11
7880,The residents of three districts in southeastern Paktika province say they have run out of food items because militants have blocked roads to the towns.,3
10884,"The Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights (IOHR) states that civilians trying to flee from ISIS-controlled areas, particularly during battles between the Iraqi Government and ISIS fighters, have no safe escape routes, where all corridors out of the city are subject to ISIS attacks.According to IOHR statistics, at least 25 civilians were killed since 1 April 2017 on Abu Zeayan street in the right coast of Mosul, considered one of the ‘safe corridors’ provided by the Iraqi Government Forces.",9
3470," Livestock was also severely impacted. The storm severely affected 50 500 hectares of crops and killed 145 000 head of cattle in 22 municipalities across the eastern provinces of Camaguey, Ciego de Avila and Matanzas, Sanct. ",5
9474,"Conflict, displacement, and economic decline are placing severe pressure on essential basic services and the institutions that provide them, pushing them towards total collapse. Humanitarian programmes in Yemen are predicated on an assumption of at least minimal functionality of state services in key sectors like health, water, education and social protection. However, growing evidence points to imminent institutional collapse across large swathes of the country. The Ministry of Planning and International Cooperation (MOPIC) in Sana’a reports that Central Bank foreign exchange reserves dropped from $4.7 billion in late 2014 to less than $1 billion in September 2016. The public budget deficit has nearly doubled in the last year, to about $1.8 billion. Salaries for health facility staff, teachers and other public sector workers go increasingly unpaid, leaving 1.25 million state employees and their 6.9 million dependents – or nearly 30 per cent of the population – without an income at a time of shortages and rising prices. Despite Government commitments to the contrary, relocation of the Central Bank to Aden had not resolved salary arrears as of late October. State-provided social services are rapidly collapsing while needs are surging. In August, the Ministry of Public Health and Population (MOPHP) in Sana’a announced it could no longer cover operational costs for health services. As of October 2016, only 45 per cent of health facilities were functional; this rate falls below 25 per cent  in five governorates, including Marib, Al Jawf and Al Dhale’e. Absenteeism among key staff – doctors, nutrition counsellors, teachers – is reportedly rising as employees seek alternatives to provide for their families. On top of pressure to compensate for a faltering commercial sector, humanitarian partners are fielding calls to fill gaps created by collapsing public institutions, which is beyond both their capacity and remit. It is essential for all stakeholders to stem this collapse, including through selective re-engagement of development programmes, which have been largely frozen since early 2015. ",4
3109,"In February 2017, 3,367 Eritreans arrived in Ethiopia, according to Ethiopia’s Administration for Refugee and Returnee Affairs.There are around 165,000 Eritrean refugees and asylum seekers in Ethiopia, according to the UN refugee agency. Thousands more Eritreans live in the country outside the asylum system.“Sometimes we get more than 120 people a day,” says Luel Abera, the reception coordinator at Adinbried. “The stories I hear are very sad: pregnant women delivering on the way, people shot at or wounded, hungry and hurt children.”",5
6452,"Stressed (IPC Phase 2) outcomes are expected to persist through September among poor households in northeastern Tanzania. Near total crop failure during the October to December Vuli season in these areas and above-average staple food prices are currently lowering food access. Only minimal improvement in food security is expected in July with the arrival of the Masika harvest, as production is expected to be below average. ",3
7689,? Safe water remains a major concern for the populations living in the city of west Mosul.,11
10736,"I am deeply concerned about reports of an escalation in armed conflict in several areas of Kachin State since 7 April. I have been particularly alarmed of reports of civilian casualties and the plight of communities affected by the fighting in Tanai and Hpakant townships, while other areas have been gravely affected as well. This includes possibly up to 2,000 people who reportedly have been displaced from Awng Lawt, Sut Ring Yang and Sut Ra villages in Tanai Township. They are said to be sheltering in a remote forest area and unable to leave. These civilians include women, as well as pregnant and breastfeeding women, children, elderly people, sick and injured people, who are in a dire situation and in urgent need of humanitarian assistance and protection. In Hpakant, civilians in Hlaing Naung Hku village are similarly reported to be unable to leave the area affected by fighting to safer locations.",1
2462,"As large-scale displacement has been reported within the enclave and civilian evacuations out of east Ghouta began to take place on 11 March, protection concerns for the safe and voluntary exit of civilians remain. Protection interventions and services, linked to a growing network of facilities (Community Centers, Child Friendly Spaces and Services, Women and Girls Safe Spaces) run by partners around the enclave have been made available. Many people are still reportedly not leaving the enclave largely due to the lack of safety and security en route and for fear of reprisals. However, preparedness efforts are ongoing, with mapping of facilities and the establishment of referral pathways for protection services being undertaken. Discussion on reception facilities is also ongoing, starting with the accompanying members of those patients that may exit East Ghouta through medical evacuation procedures, which are critically needed and demanded by the UN Security Council Resolution 2401.",9
2674,"Separately, President Kiir has ordered the National Minister of Defense Kuol Manyang Juuk and the SPLA chief of staff Paul Malong to publicly execute members of the armed forces if found raping women and girls in South Sudan.",9
5121,"In mid-March, a new draft decree was issued granting registration of previously unregistered private residences without an administrative fine. The lack of documentation on tenure led some shelter agencies to remove vulnerable families in need of shelter assistance from beneficiary lists. However, while the decree covers the tenure of the building, it does not cover the land on which the building stands.",10
5093,"The Iraqi government has decided to close nearly 400 schools established for displaced Arab students in the Kurdistan Region with the new school year, a move some of the students and teachers describe as forced return.ana Abas has been teaching Arab IDP students for four years. She was displaced from Baiji, a city south of Mosul — a life back home is not her preference yet.  'I cannot go back because first my house is burned down and rent prices are high. I am from Baiji, and everyone knows it is destroyed. The place no longer exists. It is not suitable for living. Security is not strong there,' she told Rudaw, while she asked PM Abadi, and the minister of education to be a 'father' to the students and their teachers by reconsidering the decision.  There are in total 376 Iraqi schools in the Kurdish Region, where 219,334 students are enrolled. Baghdad opened such schools in coordination with the Kurdistan Region when more than 1.8 million displaced Iraqis came to Kurdistan following the rise of ISIS in 2014.  'We have received an official letter from the Ministry of Education with the backing of the Council of Ministers, and it will be implemented with the new school year,' said Abdulmujib Naif, a supervisor for the Sulaimani office of the Iraqi Ministry of Education.",2
9448,"Seven Palestinians were injured, and approximately 100 olive trees and two vehicles were burned in various incidents attributed to Israeli settlers. The injuries include three men physically assaulted in the Israeli-controlled H2 area of Hebron, and four children injured in an incident involving an Israeli settler vehicle in the Silwan area of East Jerusalem. Near Aqraba (Nablus), settlers reportedly set on fire some 100 olive trees and prevented the Palestinian fire brigade from reaching the site. In Umm Safa village (Ramallah) Israeli settlers set on fire two Palestinian vehicles and sprayed racist and price tag graffiti on the walls of a nearby Palestinian house.",5
11409,"Availability of food and fuel commodities further deteriorated in January 2017 due to reportedly reduced imports and hoarding of essential commodities by opportunistic traders in anticipation of increased prices.? In-country stocks of wheat and sugar expected to run out by end of April 2017 while rice and vegetable oil merely cover one month national requirement.??Prices of food and fuel commodities increased in January 2017, and continued to be significantly higher than the precrisis levels.The cost of the minimum food basket rose in January by nearly 4% compared to December, and 26% higher than in the pre-crisis period.According to Alert for Price Spikes (ALPS) methodology, in January 2017, normal situation prevailed for vegetable oil, while wheat flour was on stress level and red beans on alert status and sugar continued to be at crisis level. The ALPS indicator for the cost of the minimum food basket still remain at normal condition.",3
5816,"In 2017, humanitarian response was significantly scaled up to meet redoubled needs, and helped avert a famine. ",3
10713,"There were no major impacts on hospitals. However, there are some 800 health facilities with different degrees of damages. Reconstruction will be carried out based on resources of the Natural Disasters Fund (FONDEN). ",4
10528," More than 30 per cent of rural water points are non-functional resulting in a 5-fold increase in water prices, conicts over livestock watering points, loss of livestock, and increased risk of malnutrition and infectious disease. ",11
8837,"In Peru, as of EW 10 of 2017, a total of 14 cases of yellow fever were reported, of which three were confirmed, 5 remain classified as probable, and 6 were discarded; including two deaths. The confirmed cases were reported by the department of Ayacucho and the 5 probable cases by the department of Amazonas (2), San Martin (1), Madre de Dios (1), and Pasco (1).",4
9131,"The outbreak of dengue fever in Burkina Faso is rapidly evolving, with a dramatic increase in incidence. During week October 17, 2017, a total of 1 130 new suspected cases and no deaths were reported across the country. Between 1 January and 17 October 2017, a cumulative total of 4 098 (suspected, probable or confirmed) cases and 11 deaths (case fatality rate 0.3%) were reported. Of the 4 098 suspected cases, 2 888 (70.4%) were probable after testing positive on dengue rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs). Fifty-two percent of the cases were female. Cases are currently reported in 12 of the country’s 13 health regions, with 65.4% of cases reported in the central region, particularly in the city of Ouagadougou. Out of 205 samples referred to the viral haemorrhagic fever (VHF) reference laboratory at the Centre Muraz, Bobo-Dioulasso, 110 (54%) were positive for dengue on polymerase chain reaction (PCR). Further characterization of 72 samples has identified three dengue virus serotypes: DENV-2 (58 positives), DENV-3 (12 positives) and DENV-1 (2 positives).This outbreak of dengue fever in Burkina Faso is rapidly increasing, with the incidence doubling in the last weeks. High density of the mosquito population, facilitated by the ongoing rainy season and widespread breeding sites in the communities, is driving the rapid propagation of the disease. The current response measures being undertaken are still inadequate to interrupt and reverse the rising disease trend. The Ministry of Health has developed a comprehensive preparedness and response plan for the dengue fever outbreak, requiring about US$ 1 million to implement; however, so far only US$ 63 000 has been realized. The response to this outbreak needs to be urgently scaled up and strengthened, for which national authorities require funds, logistics and human capacity.",4
11005,Thousands of Syrian refugees residing in several municipalities across Lebanon are under threat by eviction campaigns that have ramped up in recent weeks. Aid workers from several humanitarian organizations say that reports of refugee evictions have increased in a number of predominantly Christian areas.,9
8874,"Militias and armed groups on all sides are responsible for violations of international humanitarian law and violations and abuses of international human rights law. These include arbitrary detentions, abductions, enforced disappearances, torture and ill- treatment, unlawful killings, indiscriminate attacks and forced displacement. In many cases, these militias and armed groups are affiliated with -- and on the payroll of -- the Government of National Accord, the Government of National Salvation or the Libyan National Army.  ",9
4206,"Moreover, the lack of clean drinking water and poor hygiene and sanitation conditions in most of the camps, combined with food insecurity, has resulted in recurrent outbreaks of cholera and other waterborne illnesses, which at present continue to take lives at a rate that exceeds the emergency threshold",11
11290,"Minimal (IPC Phase 1) outcomes are expected to persist, except some poor households are likely to be Stressed (IPC Phase 2) ahead of the December harvest, particularly in localized areas of Bugesera and Rusizi districts that had below-average harvests in June 2017. ",3
3914,"One of the most dangerous places in the world for children is the occupied West Bank, where, in the last year, 14 Palestinian children have been killed and almost 1,000 others injured by Israeli forces in confrontations.",9
11438,"Internally displaced persons (IDPs) at a camp in Papun District, Karen State, have staged a demonstration to call for the withdrawal of Burmese military forces from the area, as well as a campaign to clear landmines. The protesting IDPs, the vast majority of whom were ethnic Karen, marched around E Htu Hta camp to voice their demands, and said that they are unwilling to return to their own villages until these steps are taken.E Htu Hta IDP camp has a current population of around 3,000, and has been notified recently that its monthly refugee rations will soon be cut.",9
6744,"1.8 million people in need of helter.More than a million people displaced by conflict and drought remain in need of Shelter and NFIs assistance. Safe and secure settlements are necessary to providing crisis-affected communities with protected and healthy living spaces and environments, while ensuring sufficient privacy and dignity for girls, women, boys and men living in them.Drought displacements are taking a protracted trend, adding to the conflict, evictions and the protracted displaced. Lack of adequate land to host the new IDPs puts pressure on existing settlements, leading to overcrowding and unhealthy living conditions. Land tenure advocacy is needed to contain evictions. • Limited funding has reduced the cluster’s ability to provide effective humanitarian assistance. More advocacy is needed to highlight the need for shelter and NFIs for newly and protracted displaced people. Due to limited funding, there are no pre-positioned stocks to respond to sudden onset disasters and emergencies • Logistical challenges including flight costs, road blockages, insecurity, check points for the transportation of NFI/Shelter supplies are affecting the effective delivery of humanitarian assistance, as well as local markets.",10
1095,"(The first wave of Boko Haram attacks spread from northeast Nigeria to neighboring Niger’s southwestern Diffa region in 2015 and since then, the area has struggled with an unprecedented security crisis.) Now, 340,000 individuals are severely hungry and more than 300,000 displaced people are living in makeshift shelters, in camps, or with the local community, according to the UN.",8
5442,"The Siruvani dam constructed across the Siruvani river, 48 km from Palakkad in the Muthikulam forest, to exclusively supply drinking water to Coimbatore city and the adjoining areas has dried up cutting off the drinking water supply.",11
3811,1.2 million people in need of food security and livelihoods assistance,3
296,"The people of El Gezira Aba have launched a campaign titled “buy an intravenous solution to save a life” in order to attract financial support for the purchase of cholera treatment medicines for patients, as the state and federal health authorities have failed to provide medicines.   There is also pressure to declare a State of Emergency in the state to combat the cholera epidemic.",4
3411,"The number of schools flooded in the district rose on Monday to 21, out of a total of 45.",2
279,"Meanwhile, by the end of February, de facto authorities announced a plan to seize control of the enterprises in areas under their control and cease the coal delivery to Ukraine in case the transport blockade is not withdrawn. The plan started coming into effect on 1 March, when de facto authorities ‘nationalized’ some 40 Ukrainian enterprises in Donetsk NGCA, according to “DPR” Head, Alexander Zakharchenko. A telecommunication provider, Ukrtelecom, informed about suspension of telephone services in NGCA since 1 March, caused by interruption into the work and occupation of their office by armed groups. The company had to cut off some 200,000 subscribers. The so-called 'Ministry of communication of DPR' have started to restore telephone and internet connection on 2 March. Meanwhile, on 2 March, the Cabinet of Ministers discussed an order, further regulating trade exchanges across the ‘contact line’, including humanitarian aid.",6
10675,"The bulk of the 2017 largely irrigated “maha” rice crop, normally accounting for 65 percent of the annual production, was planted by the end of December. The below-average rainfall since the start of the season in October, coupled with low irrigation water availability, resulted in significant cuts in the area planted, further reducing yield prospects for the season. ",0
7907,". Nutrition and water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) practices are sub-optimal, with less than half of the rural population accessing safe drinking water and only 11.3 per cent of the overall population accessing improved sanitation. Half of all children in Eritrea are stunted,5 and as a result, these children are even more vulnerable to malnutrition and disease outbreaks.",3
7308,"UNHCR is particularly concerned for those that remain in areas close to hostilities in Taizz and Hudaydah. As a result of prolonged fighting in those two governorates, conditions continue to rapidly deteriorate, exposing people to violence, hunger and a public health crisis",9
10909,"To date 99 unaccompanied and separated children aged between 3-18 years old have been identified of which 59 have been reunited with their relatives in the camps, 40 children remain under foster care while family tracing and reunification efforts continue.",9
160,"Over 15 counties in Kenya have more than 30% illiteracy levels. Turkana has 82%, Wajir 76%, Garissa 74%, Mandera 70% and Marsabit 68%",2
11759,"While the dialogue between the G overnment and the opposition coalition has restarted in the Dominican Republic, people continue to steadily leave the country. The socio - economic situation increasingly deteriorates and inflation has made it extremely difficult to access food, medicine, ba sic products and services. Reports from international organizations state that there is a considerable number of people with chronic malnutrition in the country, as well as a shortage of medicine. As a result of the strained resources, i nsecurity has also been increasing and having a rising impact on peoples’ lives .",8
1324,"The Nepalese government has taken measures to curb human trafficking as well, but they are limited in effect. Agencies that recruit overseas workers must be registered and based in Kathmandu. They may employ agents based in district capitals who are prohibited from charging recruits for their services. In practice, though, there is little oversight. Advocates for trafficking victims say agents sometimes falsely promise women legitimate domestic work and men construction jobs overseas, mainly in India and Gulf states. Once they are there, some women find themselves sold into sex slavery, and many are told they must work until they pay off unforeseen fees.",9
5306,"Land confiscation In the years since the preliminary ceasefire agreement was signed between the Karen National Union (KNU) and the Burma/Myanmar government, land confiscation has remained a major issue in all districts across Karen State. The land confiscation incidents reported by KHRG community members in Toungoo District in 2015 were predominantly perpetrated by businesses,[2] Tatmadaw,[3] and the Burma/Myanmar government.[4] These groups give permission, or directly sell, to companies such as Kaung Myanmar Aung[5] and Shwe Swan In,[6] to carry out business activities on land traditionally used and possessed by local villagers in rural areas, including land on which the villagers previously held land titles. Livelihood impacts caused by this land confiscation, such as losing vocational work, are compounding; they lead to further problems, such as inability to pay for the cost of education or healthcare. ",5
9604,"Cholera outbreak in South Sudan has reached Malakal town, the United Nations said Friday, while the number of cases countrywide has reached 5,574.Those counties include the two Mayendit and Leer counties that recently were declared to be in the grip of famine.He pointed out that the cholera response in Mayendit remains disrupted after local authorities told aid workers late last month to leave the area because of fighting.",4
11241," An earthquake measuring 4.4 on the Richter scale hit suburbs of Zarand, a city north of the southeastern Kerman Province, on Tuesday.  The state seismographic center said the quake, which was sensible 10 kms deep inside the ground, occurred at 09:46 hours local time (05:16 GMT) on Tuesday. ",7
10191,"Intense Tropical Cyclone ENAWO is expected to make landfall over north-east Madagascar on Tuesday (07 March). It is expected that the the cyclone will hit around Cap Masoala(between Antalaha and Foulpointe) on the north-east coast with sustained wind speeds of between 165 km/h and 200 km/h. ENAWO will subsequently move southwards acrossthe highlands, including Antananarivo, as a storm system. Eight regions are at risk of floods: Analanjirofo, Atsinanana, Sofia, Alaotra Mangoro, Analamanga, Menabe, VatovavyFitovinany and Atsimo Andrefana. According to GDACS, up to 1.1 million people can be affected by wind speeds of cyclone strength or above. ENAWO appears similar to CycloneIVAN, which in 2008 affected 525,000 people, including displacing 195,000 people displaced. Existing capacities are expected to be exceeded. With logistics expected to be challenging,the Logistics Cluster is already developing response (and emergency resource mobilization) plans. Other sectors are also preparing.",7
6092,"The situation is more severe in northern South Sudan (Greater Bahr el Ghazal), where an increased risk of famine for the upcoming dry and lean seasons (January — August 2017) is anticipated. Affected households are likely to continue using negative coping strategies, delaying or preventing recovery of already vulnerable livelihoods. Communities in central and southern Unity fled into swampy areas to escape violent fighting – a recurrent phenomenon since 2015.",3
6276,"Ethnic and minority group representatives reported needs for education, health care, safe drinking water, and shelter in the Ninewa Plains, noting that insecurity was the primary obstacle for IDP returns to these areas.",2
6202,"An outbreak of cholera and acute watery diarrhoea in October 2016 continues to spread, with over 22,500 suspected cases and 106 deaths.",4
11639,"The food security situation deteriorated in four of the five IDP clusters as compared to May 2016. Overall, the proportion of food insecure IDPs in South Darfur increased from 46 to 63 percent during this period. Among the reasons for the deterioration was poor economic access due to increasing prices, in addition to the poor harvest, especially in the localities of South and North of Nyala, Kass and Beleil (according to the 2017 state level post harvest assessment), which resulted in IDP households being more reliant on markets and fewer job opportunities. Food insecurity was especially prevalent among IDPs in Kass and Gereida, with above 80 percent of households being food insecure. The deterioration in Kass camp was noteworthy: The proportion of food insecure households increase by 56 percentage points compared with May 2016. Food security improved among IDPs in the Otash and Deriege cluster compared to same period last year. The improvement may be partially a result of the recent implementation of cash-based food assistance, which allows households to have more food choices. In addition, both camps in the cluster are part of Nyala town with greater access to job opportunities. South Sudanese refugees in Beliel showed an improvement in food security indicators in May 2017 compared to November 2016. Still, the level of vulnerability remained high, with more than 70 percent of the population being food insecure in May 2017. That could be partly attributed to",3
8187,"Heavy rain has been affecting several areas of the country over the past week causing floods. Approx. 281 mm of rain were recorded in Kuantan city (Pahang state) over 24 - 25 January. Local media reported, as of 25 January at 7.00 UTC, that over 15 000 people have been evacuated in the states of Kelantan, Johor, Perak, Selangor, Malacca and Sabah.",7
6658,"On 13 February 2018, the Ministry of Health of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) declared the ongoing outbreak of circulating vaccinederived poliovirus in the country a national public health emergency. A total of 21 children presenting with typical acute flaccid paralysis (AFP) tested positive for vaccine-derived poliovirus type 2 (cPVDV2). The outbreak has been ongoing since February 2017. Three provinces have been affected, namely Haut-Lomami (8 cases), Maniema (2 cases) and Tanganyika (11 cases).This event is concerning as it is indicative of low population immunity against poliovirus. Potentially, the magnitude is much larger and more cases could be reported. Insecurity, social unrest and inadequate infrastructures are some of the known operational challenges affecting provision of immunization services in the country. It is known that some of the affected health zones are under-performing in both AFP surveillance and routine immunization.",4
11183,"Following the Bureau of Statistics (BoS) crop assessment in March, heavy rains, flash flooding, and hailstorms are reported to have damaged crops and livestock and destroyed housing in Quthing, Mafeteng, Mohale’s Hoek and Thaba-theka districts. Although the official results from the 2018 BoS crop assessment have not yet been released, preliminary findings indicated that 2018 production will be below 2017 production levels.  Most poor households are experiencing Minimal (IPC Phase 1) food insecurity because they are accessing food from their early harvests, making purchases, and earning in-kind payments from harvest-related labor. Nonetheless, opportunities for on-farm labor have been affected by the reduced production this season, especially in areas where crops were damaged from the hailstorm. From June-September Stressed (IPC Phase 2) area outcomes are projected as food security is expected to deteriorate among poor households that experienced a below-normal harvest.",8
795,"But Mogadishu has seen a surge in internally displaced people (IDPs) escaping the drought and violence in the countryside who now squat in makeshift camps on increasingly valuable private land. The response from the authorities has been to clear them.According to the Norwegian Refugee Council’s “eviction tracker”, some 11,000 IDPs are evicted on a monthly basis in Mogadishu, with a total of 153,682 people made homeless in 2017.",9
5513,"Tropical Cyclone ENAWO continued moving west south-west over the south-western Indian Ocean and towards north-eastern Madagascar, strengthening. On 7 March at 6.00 UTC, its centre was located approx. 50 km north-east of Antalaha city (Antsiranana Province) and had max. sustained wind speed of 231 km/h.On 7 March morning (UTC), it is forecast to continue moving west south-west and make landfall close to Antalaha city as an intense Tropical Cyclone with max. sustained winds of 220 - 230 km/h. Heavy rain, storm surge and strong winds may affect the north-eastern and central-eastern areas of the country. JRC estimations indicate a max. storm surge height of 1.3 m along the coast of Helodrano Antongila Bay, on 7 March at 13.00 UTC.As of 7 March at 7.00 UTC, Meteo Madagascar has issued a Red Alert in several areas of Diana, Sava, Sofia, Analanjirofo, Alaotra-Mangoro, Atsinanana regions.",10
11765,"Considering the reduction in the planted area, FAO’s early forecast points to 6 percent decline in total cereal production, which is set at 1.6 million tonnes in 2017.",0
3658,"Iraqi government forces discovered 16 dead bodies of civilians in western Mosul’s Old City district on Sunday, saying they had probably been executed by Islamic State militants.",9
6620,"Narrative repots by data collection partners continued to cite accommodation as the main problem facing IDPs due to the high cost of rent, followed by the problem of limited access to livelihoods for IDPs. A related concern was related to IDPs who were residing in rented accommodation, and were not provided with assistance as a result of their relative invisibility",10
9737,"In Meru, the rains have led to water shortages in the town and its environs. Meru Water and Sewerage Services acting technical manager Christopher Murithi said rains had led to blockage of intakes, making it difficult to pump water to treatment plants. In a message to customers, the firm stated: 'Due to heavy rains, the water received at the treatment plant is extremely muddy and untreatable. We are doing all we can to normalize supply.'",11
677,"Of that about 65,058 hectares had been fully damaged, 37,846 had been 75 percent damaged, leading to estimated crop losses of 435,390 metric tonnes.",5
850,"'There's the heat, nothing to eat, no clothes, no right to leave the camp -- it's a little hell on earth,'.'We spoke to him (UN envoy) about our troubles: lack of medical care, insufficient food and drinking water, insecurity and idleness,' camp spokeswoman Yagana Cheffou says.'We need ambulances, water of decent quality and more security. We haven't received any food aid for at least ten months,' adds Boulama Mamane Ibrahim, the chief of Bande village in Niger, whose faded traditional robe billowed around his body.",11
9270,"More than 11,000 people have been affected by floods since the beginning of the rainy season in June, primarily in the north. As of 27 September, 3 deaths have been reported (Segou region), more than 1,200 houses destroyed and over 500 damaged. Pastoral communities have been particularly affected, with 26,000 animals lost—an extreme increase from 1,352 in 2016. The Timbuktu region has suffered the greatest impact, with two thirds of the overall number of affected people and almost all of the lost animals.",3
9792,"A coordinated assessment in January between the Albay Public Safety and Emergency Management Office (APSEMO) and the Humanitarian Country Team, composed of UN agencies, international and national non-governmental organizations, and the Red Cross raised the need for decongesting crowded evacuated centres and improving sanitation facilities. As of 25 February, the number of those displaced in evacuation centres have dropped by close to 20,000 people, with local authorities allowing those who live beyond the 8 km radius danger zone to return to their homes.",11
1812,"“The recurring conflict really has a domino effect on the lives of the people,” explains Municipal Administrator Mastura Tapa. “As the conflict continues, the IDPs also have to continually return to evacuation centres. In these evacuation centres, of course, we first see that that they have no houses. There is also inadequate sanitation. And then aside from that, the conflict also has a psychological effect on the children.”",4
11521,He pointed out that many civilians who were displaced by the clashes returned to their homes. Janga pointed out that the citizens are now surviving on cassava leaves and wild fruits.,3
3283,"Asmara and surrounding towns are concerned by the shortage of drinking water, reported Radio Erena sources from the capital. According to the sources, drinking water has been in short supply for months now and residents are rationed a barrel a week by the local administrations. People are reported to be seen in long lines in the streets to get the rationed water.",11
2534,"Taiz and Al Hudaydah, traditionally food producing governorates, have been the focus of intense violence since the current crisis escalated. Without additional humanitarian and livelihoods support, these two governorates accounting for almost a quarter of Yemen’s population, risk slipping into famine.",9
4558,"urundi: Famine Continues Taking People's Lives in Bubanza, Residents SayBy Innocent HabonimanaResidents of some localities of Gihanga district claim people continue dying from famine. Humanitarian actors have not so far given sufficient help since the first cases of death were reported in January.  As no adequate assistance has been provided, reports of hunger-caused deaths still emerge in Bubanza province that has been plagued by famine due to drought and pest insects over the last several weeks.",3
1433,"Mohammad Ishaq Jalili, the police chief of Jaghatu district of central Ghazni province, was killed in a roadside IED expolosion early Thursday, local officials said. ",9
5013,"“The greatest need we’re seeing among people struggling to survive in this part of Syria is for food. Having been displaced repeatedly by conflict, they’ve exhausted their resources and are left with few choices, none of them good,” said Christy Delafield of Mercy Corps, one of the largest organizations delivering aid in Syria.",3
3847,"Similarly, pastoralists have become increasingly vulnerable. The rains were insufficient to replenish animal feed and water sources. High livestock losses are reported from north (Somaliland and Puntland) to south (Bay, Bakool, Gedo, Middle Juba and Lower Juba). The surviving animals are weak,more susceptible to disease, less productive and less valuable. In turn, pastoralists are increasingly unable to provide for their families. When animals’ body conditions deteriorate, they supply less milk and meat. They are also worth less when sold or traded for other food items – commonly cereals. In a traditional pastoral household, livestock represent a family’s lifetime savings, most valuable productive asset and main source of cash. When lost, the poorest families have little, if anything, to fall back on",5
6956,"In Mali, Timbuktu Region in the northern part of the country was the hardest hit (by 2017 floods) with over 26 000 livestock reported to have been lost.",3
9146,"Many Palestinians in East Jerusalem are subject to a coercive environment due to a range of Israeli policies, including home demolitions and forced evictions, highlighted in this month’s Bulletin. The hardship generated by this environment is illustrated by the case of the Shamasneh family, who have lived in the Sheikh Jarrah neighbourhood since 1964, and were forcibly evicted from their home on 5 September, following a protracted legal battle. As has occurred in other evictions, the home was immediately handed over to Israeli settlers. This is the first such eviction in Sheikh Jarrah since 2009. The advancement of four Israeli settlement plans in Sheikh Jarrah would, if approved, lead to the eviction of over 70 additional Palestinian residents, and likely result in restrictions and tensions that will undermine the living conditions of Palestinian residents of the area.",10
9300,"In Somali Region, the deepening water crisis in parts of the region (which is already the region most affected by the drought), has increased and prolonged the humanitarian crisis with an anticipated 1.2 million people remaining affected by water shortages. 46 woredas in Dollo, Korahey, and Jarar are still in need of emergency water supplies. Due to the heightening nutrition crisis in the region; water, hygiene, and sanitation needs are being prioritized for stabilization centres to support the nutrition response. In Oromia region, over 300,000 people continue to suffer from water shortages and require emergency water trucking services. ",11
694,"Parties to the conflict have attacked private and public civilian infrastructure, including 325 verified attacks on schools, health facilities, markets, roads and other sites.",1
11229,Livestock production decreased by more than 35 percent in 2016 compared to the pre-crisis period,5
6604,Limited number of ambulances available in Tikrit to serve the high demand of patients requiring referals from IDP camps.,4
5096,"At least 50 schools in Kerio Valley have been shut down indefinitely as about 400 teachers have gone on strike to protest deadly attacks in the area. On Tuesday, more than 2,000 pupils and at least 150 teachers held peaceful demonstrations over the runaway insecurity.Soon after the protest, two people were shot near Toroko Primary School in the afternoon.Kibor Kimargat, 25, and an unidentified bandit suspected to be from Tiaty were shot dead near the school.Marakwet Knut Secretary John Cheberi said on Wednesday that no learning will take place until the government deploys adequate security personnel in the area.“Teachers are now heading to sub-county education offices to handover management of schools,” Cheberi said. The unionist said it is no longer safe for teachers and pupils to proceed with learning. “The attacks in Kerio Valley are worse than ever and have taken a different dimension. An innocent standard four pupil was shot while in class,” Cheberi said. “Some elderly people also go to schools alongside children to get a meal. The closure will bring more suffering.' The closed schools include Liter primary and secondary schools and Sambalat Primary that were closed after fresh fights erupted on January 5.",2
1169,"Between 1 January and 31 March, the mission documented 17 conflict-related incidents targeting health-care or health-care workers, including the Daesh/Islamic State Khorasan Province-claimed attack on Kabul’s Sardar Mohammad Daud Khan Hospital that resulted in the deaths of 26 civilians and injury of 30 others in addition to numerous military medical staff and injured combatants. ",4
298,"International aid to Karen IDP camp to end in 60 daysB  Monthly rations of international aid to the Ee Tu Hta camp for internally displaced persons (IDPs) in Papun District, Karen State, will stop at the end of September.  Although the cessation of international aid to the camp had been projected 18 months ago, the local branch of the Karen National Union (KNU) has appealed for international groups to continue funding education, health and aid projects until such time as peace prevails in the region.",1
9480,"There are many protection concerns in Shan State related to the protracted nature of the conflict and continued displacement. In some cases, the same people are displaced multiple times. The most commonly reported protection threats include gender-based violence, forced recruitment, recruitment and use of children by armed forces, forced labour, lack of access to humanitarian services, lack of documentation, land grabbing/occupation of places of origin, human trafficking particularly of women and girls across the border to China, landmine contamination and military occupation of schools.",1
1165,"? Because of a significantly below-average harvest (50 percent below the five-year average) the annual lean season is expected to start early in April-May instead of July and given the limited purchasing power and the depletion of household stocks, millions of people are likely to remain severely food insecure until October 2017. ",3
10237,"Prices for the maize staple across the country continued to register decreases in April. Average prices in April were at MWK 170.96/kg as compared to MWK 197.24/kg in March. The timing of the price decrease is atypical as five year trends show that maize prices normally start registering modest decreases from April onwards. The main drivers of the early price decline include the presence of humanitarian assistance up to March, which reached almost half of the rural population. Another driver was early access to green consumption, especially for households in the central and southern regions, as well as prospects of an average production. The government is maintaining the maize export ban imposed last season and has put in place stricter control measures which could lead to reduced incomes for farmers and maize traders. ",3
704,"Boa Vista schools have admitted about 1,000 Venezuelan children. The local hospital has no beds because of increased demand for care, including many Venezuelan pregnancies.",4
911,"The town of Kouango, in the prefecture of Ouaka, last registered with floods in 2007, recorded some 1,750 affected people and at least 276 houses destroyed, as of 16 September (IFRC). Mobilization is underway, including a DREF request by the CAR Red Cross. Prolonged rainfall in the post-conflict area risks threatening food and agriculture and increasing vulnerability to conflict. Torrential rains on 9-10 September resulted in severe flooding in Kabo, a town in north-central CAR, and some villages on the Farazala axis, collapsing some 800 houses. The presence of armed groups in the area is a potential risk to the vulnerable population.",10
1170,"Poverty in northern Shan is higher than Kachin, with 37 per cent of the population living below the poverty line, compared to the national average of 26 per cent, according to the 2010 Household Living Conditions Survey. Displaced people have found it difficult to restore their livelihoods and reduce their dependency on aid in an environment of continued militarization and with extensive landmine contamination. Myanmar has one of the highest landmine casualty rates in the world. Beyond mine risk education and immediate victim assistance, advocacy efforts have continued to focus on the need for mapping of mined areas, laying the groundwork for future demining. With reduced livelihood opportunities for displaced people, there is a risk of more people resorting to negative coping mechanisms, such as drug and alcohol abuse, which are leading risk factors for gender-based violence in the region. The ongoing conflict and related displacement also continue to strain the coping capacities of host communities.",5
11374,"Dietary diversity is low for both the refugees and host communities, only reaching three to four food groups per day; rice and oil are consumed on a daily basis, as well as either vegetables or pulses. Access to meat, fish and eggs is extremely limited while fruits and dairy consumption is almost non-existent. Among the refugees, only one in four women (15 and 49 years) has access to a minimum diversified diet, and one in three among the local population in the host communities.",3
10134,"Food insecurity remains a challenge due to protracted displacement, disruption to markets and lower food commodity production. Livelihoods and access to basic social services have been affected by the conflict, exposing the most vulnerable people to a high risk of inadequate food consumption and forcing people into negative coping strategies such as spending savings, cutting the number of daily meals and reducing non-food related expenses, particularly in health and education",5
5814,"As of October 2017, priority conflict-affected areas were: Sebratha (Zwara), Benghazi and Derna (Derna) Estimates indicate that between 2011-2016, there have been 5,891 recorded deaths and injuries from violence. Of these, 66 per cent (3,895 death and injuries) were civilians. Given limitations on access and information flow from conflictaffected areas, the actual casualty figures are likely to be higher. The presence of explosive hazards, including landmines, improvised explosive devices, unexploded ordnance and other explosive remnants of war has been a persistent threat to the Libyan population.1 The presence of UXO in June-July 2017 was reported in nine out of 22 mantikas",5
8955,"It said 214 patients were still under treatment in different units of the hospital, while 13,206 suspected people had been screened free of charge for dengue and 2,323 of them had tested positive for the disease.",4
3519,"Site profile,Wau Collective Sites, April 2018: current population as of April 2018, 2,347 households 11,484 individuals. Priority needs:Rehabilitating WASH facilities ahead of the rainy season, Ensuring adequate shelter during rainy season, Supporting unregistered new arrivals",11
2489,"Insects commonly known as whiteflies have ravaged more than 50,000 hectares of crop in Kailo, Kasongo, Kibombo and Pangi areas in the eastern Maniema province. Around 60 per cent of farmers have been affected by the destruction. Food scarcity could worsen in Kailo and Kibombo areas where residents are facing “emergency” levels of food insecurity.Moderate acute malnutrition in Kailo is already over 17 per cent.",0
5347,"Livestock meat and products are jointly the largest source of animal protein in the Nigerien diet. Livestock rearing (of cattle, sheep, and goats) is practices by over 80 percent of the population. Livestock export earnings are also essential for the national economy, contributing to 21 percent of total export earnings. Over 95 percent of livestock exports are destined for Nigeria.",5
6345,"30,000   people estimated to be without appropriate shelter",10
11337,"Nearly 1.2 million children are projected to be malnourished and approximately 232,000 of these will face life-threatening severe acute malnutri(cid:415)on.",8
11397,"In 2017, the Government continued to pursue a hard-line security approach, focused on the repression of crime, including the intervention of the military in public security. The number of Public Order Military Police officers was further increased, to 4,000 in 2017, with the force participating in activities such as forced evictions, policing of demonstrations and anti-organized crime operations. Human rights mechanisms have repeatedly expressed concern about the disproportionate role of the military in public security functions. In July 2017, the Human Rights Committee warned against the militarization of law enforcement and called upon Honduras to strengthen the national police force, with a view to enabling it to take over law enforcement functions from the armed forces.1",9
4609,"Restrictions on access of commercial flights to the international airport in Sana’a compound these effects. The Saudi-led coalition imposed these restrictions in August, which, the Panel explains, left more than 6,500 people unable to access medical care. These restrictions are still in place.",4
9739,"During the first two months of 2018, the Israeli authorities demolished or seized a total of 70 Palestinian-owned structures across the West Bank. On average, this is the same number of monthly demolitions recorded in 2017 (35), and around one-third of figures recorded in 2016 (91). Around 30 per cent of the structures targeted in 2018 were residential and 81 people were displaced. The remainder were livelihood-related or public structures, including two school classrooms. An assessment by humanitarian actors of the education sector indicates that 44 Palestinian schools in the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, are at risk of full or partial demolition or seizure due to the lack of an Israeli-issued building permit.Over half of the demolitions recorded during the reporting period (36 of 70) took place in East Jerusalem and were on the grounds of the lack of a building permit, which is very difficult to obtain. Unlike the general trend recorded for the West Bank, the monthly average for this period in East Jerusalem (18 structures) was higher than figures for both 2017 and 2016 (12 and 16 structures respectively), during which OCHA recorded the highest rates of demolition in East Jerusalem since 2000.",2
10164,"Arrests, detentions and deportations have continued over the past two weeks in Algiers and Blida, with another 500 migrants transported to Tamanrasset on 13 October, according to local journalists. More than 200 people arrived in Niger on 15 October, more than 300 on 18 October, including more than 90 children – among them unaccompanied minors - and 450 on 22 October, according to IRC in Niger. A new convoy with 500 migrants is expected to arrive in Agadez on 25 October, IRC told Amnesty International. At least two people have applied for asylum in Niger, according to UNHCR in Niger, after the last expulsions. Local sources told Amnesty International that arrests have continued and that several hundred are still held in Zeralda camp in Algiers and in Tamanrasset awaiting expulsion.",9
5954," The above-average precipitation during this period was exacerbated by the rains brought about by tropical depression “Ex -Dineo”, which caused significant flooding particularly in the Southern parts of Zimbabwe. ",1
3534,"Increased eviction threats against the IDPs hosting sites residents in several locations particularly in Amran Governorate. Some of the IDPs hosting sites are located in insecure areas, and are exposed to serious protection risks with limited Humanitarian access.",9
605,"A number of separate incidents of Avalanches and landslides were recorded during last 24 hours in different parts of District Chitral. The first incident took place at Rech valley near Booni on the night between 17th and 18th February, 2017. The incident resulted in 01 death and injuries to 03 others. This was followed by another incident of landslide on the North portal of Lawri Tunnel trapping 14 personnel of SAMBU Company’s workshop. District Administration Chitral, Chitral Scouts, Pak Army and SAMBU Company mounted rescue and relief operations, rescuing 7 of the 14 alive while 7 others (3 from Darosh and 4 from Punjab) unfortunately lost their lives. 5 of the injured personnel were shifted to Mastuj Hospital and while the remaining two to Peshawar.",10
8734,"These losses could result in an increase in acute malnutrition in the coming months as food insecurity and high incidence of infectious diseases, especially diarrhea, represent the main contributors of malnutrition. Prior to Hurricane Matthew, Grand’Anse, Nippes and Sud departments had some of the country’s highest prevalence of acute and chronic malnutrition. Services for the treatment of acute malnutrition are no longer available in some of the affected areas. In 2017, countrywide, 15,145 children under 5 will face severe acute malnutrition (SAM), while 73,140 will face moderate acute malnutrition (MAM). Furthermore, an estimated 61,640 pregnant and lactating women and 86,295 children under 2 will require preventive actions, particularly in the departments affected by the hurricane.",8
8299,"The forced evictions have impacted more than 3000 school children. Four schools were destroyed; a Child Friendly Space providing a protected area for children to enjoy activities, games and informal education was demolished; as was a space providing services to survivors of Gender-Based Violence. Many of the children living in the settlements saw the destruction by armed men and bulldozers firsthand, first losing their schools and shelters, books and belongings, and then contact with classmates and friends.",2
6059,"Initially, around 25% of the rural population (302,507 people) were without access to safe water due to the drought emergency in 2015/2016. The current humanitarian response targeted 131,714 people in the WASH sector with a received funding of more than USD 1.70 million. To date, a total of 141,173 people have been assisted by humanitarian interventions. ",11
10210,Recent flooding in some central and southern parts is likely to restrain 2017 cereal production in the affected areas.,3
8381,"On 23-24 May 2017, two additional regions – the region of Omsk and Stavropol Kray – in Russia have been flooded as a result of heavy rainfall. The floods have affected 14,114 people (including 1,274 children), and damaged and/or destroyed 871 houses and 2,814 garden plots apart from local infrastructure in these two regions.",10
5274,"• Dry season activities: Dry season harvests in April and May 2018 will likely be substantially above average, primarily due to average to above-average water availability in ponds and rivers as well as government supports and incentives. Government support for the dry season activities, such as increased access to funding and inputs as well as import restriction policies for rice, will lead to increased farmer participation during the dry season period. The Central Bank of Nigeria, through the Nigeria Incentive-Based Risk Sharing System for Agricultural Lending (NIRSAL) will continue to provide support to increased agricultural financing to improve agricultural production. ",3
4207,84% of children (3 to 17) do no attend education in lac region,2
8502,"Sierra Leone has been reporting sporadic suspected cases of Lassa fever since 28 December 2016. However, the outbreak situation escalated in the months of February and March 2017 when a cluster of 24 cases were reported and investigated. Out of these, four cases were laboratory confirmed and all of them died, thus giving case fatality rate of 100% among the confirmed. The outbreak has since subsided. ",4
2205,"The Israeli authorities announced the easing of access restrictions on the occasion of the Muslim month of Ramadan, which started on 17 May. These include the issuing of some 2,000 family visit permits for East Jerusalem and Israel, while men above the age of 40, children under 12, and females of all ages will be allowed into East Jerusalem for Friday prayers without permits. On Friday, 18 May, around 39,300 Palestinians were allowed into East Jerusalem through three surrounding checkpoints for prayers, according to the Israeli DCL, down from nearly 65,000 in the first Friday of Ramadan in 2017.  ",6
8880,"Food security and economic vulnerability are inextricably linked. Without economic access to sufficient, safe and nutritious food, food security cannot exist. As poverty has persisted among the Syrian refugee population in Lebanon, so has food insecurity. The 2017 VASyR revealed an increase of two percentage points in food secure households compared to 2016. However, 91% of Syrian refugee households remain food insecure to some degree, and the share of households classified as moderately and severely food insecure grew from 36% to 38%.",3
4632,"attack on a Syrian Arab Red Crescent (SARC) distribution center in the Hamadaniyah neighborhood of Aleppo city yesterday which resulted in the death of two SARC workers and injury of four SARC volunteers, two of whom remain in critical condition. In addition, two women who had come to the center to receive humanitarian assistance were killed and many others were injured.",9
8885,"Thailand faces more hardship from unseasonable floods that have killed 40 people in its south, with more rain expected in the major rubber-producing and tourist region in coming days, a top disaster agency official said on Sunday.",0
1919,"Average retail prices for maize and sorghum were high in December 2016 by 24% and 14% respectively. This was mainly in Moroto, Nakapiripirit and Kaabong; ",3
7661,"Gender-based violence, particularly sexual violence, is a widespread and alarming element of the crisis in Iraq.  ",9
5857,"Central Jebel Marra locality, where 42,667 children under five years of age were screened for acute malnutrition. Of these, nearly 800 were suffering from SAM, including 258 with oedema, while 3,909 children had moderate acute malnutrition (MAM).",8
492,"The modest decrease in the 2016 cereal output, mainly on account of lower maize and rice harvests, resulted in a small increase in the import requirement for the 2016/17 marketing year (April/March), with an estimated drawdown in stocks also helping to compensate for the reduced domestic output.",0
6613," On the 30th March, 15 Palestinians were killed and 1,416 were injured by Israeli forces in the Gaza Strip, according to the Ministry of Health (MoH). - Out of the 1,416 casualties, 1,010 were severe injuries and required immediate transfer to the hospitals.",4
8097,The annual Vulnerability Assessment of Syrian Refugees (VASyR) reveals that 58 per cent of households are now living in extreme poverty – on less than US$2.87 per person per day. This is some 5 per cent more than a year ago. And the number of households living below the overall poverty line - less than US $3.84 per day - has also continued to rise. 76 per cent of refugee households are living below this level.,5
8720,In 2016 developments of food consumption levels were positive with significant reduction of poor food consumption levels in GCA. In NGCA the situation remains unchanged with a clear seasonal trend of the poor and borderline food consumption score rising from 15% in the summer period to 30% in the winter.   ,3
6526,"Igbo traders close shops in Kaduna as Muslim leaders sue for peace Igbo traders in Kaduna closed unusually early on Friday amidst fears of a reprisal over the reported attack on Hausa community in Port Harcourt, Rivers state, on Thursday, TheCable can report.",1
6261,"As a response to the increasing number of suspected dengue fever cases in Sudan, WHO distributed mosquito repellents among 10,000 school children in Kassala, and volunteers visited 2,500 houses to raise awareness about indoor vector control activities.",4
10059,"While humanitarian actors continue to scale up the response in the governorate and in the city, access remains difficult in some areas in close proximity to frontlines, due to ISIL infiltration risks and administrative requirements. Unconfirmed reports indicate that food supplies have depleted in most ISIL-controlled areas in eastern rural Deir-EzZor governorate, resulting in a sharp increase of prices of basic commodities such as milk, meat and fuel. Medical supplies are also reportedly lacking.",3
6790,": More than 1,000 educational institutions have been closed either due to flooding or because they are being used as emergency shelters for displaced populations. Water and sanitation facilities in schools have also been damaged by the floods. There is a need to provide support – across sectors and crosscutting issues – to schools with the view of contributing to education aspects. In this regard, schools across affected districts will benefit from support to rehabilitate damaged WASH facilities as well as in having some of the ‘software’ activities undertaken for students",2
6385,"Furthermore, the passing of Cyclone Enawo in early March, which traversed the length of the country, is reported to have caused widespread flooding of cropped land particularly in the northeast and east regions of Atsinanana, Analanjirofo and Sava. Although, the heavy rains reduced moisture deficits, crop damage is likely to further negatively weigh on this year’s rice output. An assessment to ascertain the agricultural damage and impact on food security has recently been finalized, and will inform on livelihood and agricultural needs.",5
7889,"In December 2016, the CPJ listed Egypt as being the world’s third worst offender of journalists, trailing closely behind Turkey, which jailed 81 journalists in the same year, and China, with 38 journalists behind bars.",9
3160,"Following the 8 million cases of malaria in 2016, and the subsequent official malaria epidemic declaration on 13 March 2017, a response plan was developed and approved by the Ministry of Health (MoH) with the support of WHO and UNICEF. The North and North-East health districts remain the most affected by this outbreak. According to the MoH, the cumulative number of malaria cases reported during the first 24 weeks of the year stands at 4,212,300 cases, with 1,891 deaths (CFR 0.047 per cent). No significant change is seen in the incidence of malaria with similar admission rates compared to the same period in 2016 (4,343,809 admission cases, 2,102 deaths).",4
8466,"Vaccinations against polio, measles, rubella and tetanus are being carried out at 43 sites. A second round of cholera vaccinations was completed on 10 November, with almost 200,000 children given a second dose of vaccine for added protection.",4
5455,"Six months into the military operation to retake Mosul City from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), civilians continue to have significant humanitarian needs. These needs are most severe among displaced families, both in and out of camps, and vulnerable residents in newly accessible areas.  On 19 February, Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) resumed military operations to retake western Mosul from ISIL. The humanitarian impact has been significant. Since the new offensive began, approximately 330,000 people from west Mosul have been displaced to camps and emergency sites as of 18 April, according to the Government of Iraq.",3
3070,"He said that medical personnel are facing a critical shortage of essential medicine such as Paracetamol, used to treat symptoms of severe diarrhea and dehydration, and have been dividing their insufficient stockpile into perilously small doses in an attempt to treat as many patients as possible.",4
3032,"Greek authorities are failing to provide adequate protection for women and girls living in government-run, European Union-sponsored facilities for asylum seekers on the island of Lesbos, Human Rights Watch said today. In November, 2017, Human Rights Watch interviewed 25 asylum-seeking women and girls as young as 13, living in the Moria “hotspot” on Lesbos. They described harassment, the threat of gender-based violence, and health risks. Human Rights Watch found that the conditions resulted from insufficient security, poor hygiene and sanitation facilities, and failures in the system to identify and address the needs of vulnerable people.",9
10439,"The existence of Anti-personnel mines, are preventing access to: 1. Livelihoods: at the moment the community can not To carry out the activities of planting, cutting of wood and fishing Causing a problem of food supply Of bread to take and of plants of medicinal use; 2. Water Service: for fear of the presence of AEI, in Near to the aqueduct, the community has not been able to Maintenance of the same and at the moment is without access to water. 3. Education Service: To date due to the fear of the presence of GANE, the school days are interrupted.",2
8287,"Thousands of internally displaced persons (IDPs) continue to flee west Mosul daily. About 7,500 IDPs reportedly arrived at Hammam Al-Alil screening site, 25 km south of Mosul, on 12 April. IDPs undergo a final security clearance in Hammam Al-Alil before proceeding onwards to camps or urban locations. Most of the displaced families choose to be transferred to east Mosul, where they either join relatives, rent accommodation, or occupy empty buildings. IDPs interviewed by UNHCR’s partner reported that the volatile security situation in west Mosul and the lack of services, including potable water, pushed them to leave the city. According to the government, 297,000 persons have been displaced from west Mosul since military operations to retake the west bank of the city began on 19 February.",10
9424,"Citizens in Aweil town in South Sudan’s Aweil State are reporting difficulties getting medicines for their patients at the main hospital in the state, a local official said main health facility ran out of medicines",4
4222,"So far in 2018, 998 cases of measles/rubella have been reported, with 41 suspected cases (no deaths) last week. The trend of cases is currently in de",4
7537,"The 2017 Gu rains started late, ended early and were below average in most parts of Somalia. The Gu season cereal harvest, which is estimated at 78 400 tonnes, is 37 percent lower than the long-term (1995-2016) average. Gu/Karan cereal production in northwest Somalia is estimated at 6 500 tonnes, 87 percent lower than the 2010-2016 average. As a result, poor households in crop-dependent livelihood zones of the northwest and southern Somalia have little or no food stocks. Farm labor opportunities were also limited. In pastoral areas affected by protracted and persistent drought, livestock production and reproduction have declined sharply. Depletion of livestock assets due to distress sales and mortality has contributed to increased indebtedness and destitution among many pastoralists. As a result, most rural livelihood zones of Somalia are classified as Crisis (IPC Phase 3) or Emergency (IPC Phase 4).",3
4284,"Since the beginning of the outbreak on 28 October 2017, a cumulative total of 389 cases and 10 deaths (case fatality rate 2.6%) have been reported, as of 29 November 2017. The cholera outbreak, initially localized to peri-urban townships on the western side of Lusaka city, has spread to the eastern side, with six subdistricts currently affected, namely: Chipata, Kanyama, Chawama, Matero, Chilenje, and Chelston. A total of 19 townships have been affected.",4
4427,MOH Zambia have reported 22 cholera cases in Chiengi District of Luapula Province bordering the DRC and lake Mweru from the 16th to 23rd February 2017. Contact tracing to the village found the affected patients came from an area whose water source was unprotected shallow wells that are prone to contamination from pit latrines. Currently both Chiengi and Nchelenge districts are on alert and carrying out prevention and response activities around the affected areas. Both districts have rapid response teams activated that are monitoring and responding to the situation,4
10425,"Amnesty International labelled the mass trial 'utterly disgraceful' and accused the court of 'sham proceedings'. It claimed that out of 330 defendants who had been imprisoned for more than four years, there was only evidence against two of them. 'These proceedings expose the deep flaws in Egypt's notorious criminal justice system,' the group's North Africa campaign spokesperson, Najia Bounaim, said.",9
11207,"From the first day of the year to October 22, 2017, a total of 4412 suspected cases including 13 deaths were recorded for the whole country  As of October 22, 2017, there were 43 suspected cases including 16 probable cases and 00 deaths in Central Region.  The results of the national reference laboratory viral haemorrhagic fever show a circulation of serotypes: 1, 2 and 3 of the dengue virus  II. Context and situation  In the last quarter of 2016, Burkina Faso experienced an outbreak of dengue fever. A total of 2526 suspected cases including 1561 probable cases and 20 recorded deaths from week 31 to week 52 in 2016.  Since that date, the Ministry of Health has strengthened dengue surveillance through several actions including weekly notification by weekly official letter telegram and the establishment of data collection and transmission media. There is an increase in the weekly incidence of dengue cases from week 31 of 2017. The outbreak was reported to the WHO on 28/09/2017 and the transmission of data is used on a daily basis for the most affected Central Region and weekly for other regions.  As a reminder, dengue fever is one of the 52 priority diseases of integrated disease surveillance and response. The NRL / FHV currently has diagnostic capabilities for confirming dengue fever.  Since the beginning of 2017, rapid diagnostic tests have been made available to certain health structures.",4
2855,"Insecurity and recurrent displacement led to a 58 per cent decline in crop production, as well as increased food prices and rising malnutrition levels. 1.1 million people are moderately or severely food insecure, and in 2018, an estimated 37,000 children under 5 years will suffer from severe acute malnutrition.",8
1618,"On Friday MSF, one of the few aid agencies entering the government-controlled camps, said in a statement it had witnessed adult malnutrition, overcrowding, violence-related injuries and lack of basic hygiene.",9
2248,The Independent Boundaries and Electoral Commission (IEBC) has warned politicians in Upper Eastern against bringing in voters from other regions. ,9
1040,0.2 million food insecure (IPC level not specified),3
6540,3.5 million school-age children are out of school who have missed educational opportunities due to insecurity,8
494,"Renewed clashes in Lower Shabelle kill two civilians MARKA, Somalia- A fierce battle between Somali government forces and al-Shabaab fighters broke out at no-50 district in Lower Shabelle region on Saturday night",9
9756,no currenty transmission of cholera  some awd cases but active surveillence ongoing,4
10574,"He pointed to the poor conditions at Tokar Hospital, the shortage of medical staff and medicines and the non- preparation of the isolation ward.",4
7748,"1.5 million food insecure, including 288,000 severely food insecure after hurricane",3
5604,"Gauteng Premier David Makhura will declare parts of the province disaster areas following the severe storms and strong winds that hit the province on Monday.The storms left a trail of destruction in parts of the City of Johannesburg, Ekurhuleni and the West Rand District Municipality.  Approximately 840 houses have been damaged by the storm and an estimated 1 600 people have been affected, with five fatalities reported so far. Two fatalities occurred as a direct result of the storm, while three fatalities occurred as a result of motor vehicle incidents. Assessment of the damage is still ongoing.",10
4949," Rapid nutrition screening has been conducted in 16 districts, covering more than 7,000 children aged 6 to 59 months. Results showed a Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) rate of 23.7 per cent – which is well above the 15 per cent categorised as “Critical” (highest level of severity) by the WHO’s Guideline on the Management of Nutrition in Major Emergencies.",8
1345,"There have been reports that as the offensive nears the port city, Houthi fighters have fired indiscriminate weapons into civilian neighborhoods and allegedly mined roads, preventing civilians from leaving. There are also grave fears for the safety of civilians given that previous Saudi/UAE-led coalition airstrikes in civilian-populated areas have led to large-scale casualties and the destruction of essential civilian infrastructure.",9
2244,Ethiopia: Students requiring assistance in the next academic year (Sep 2017-Jun 2018) will increase from the 2 million children estimated in January. 206 primary schools remain closed as of early June 2017 due to lack of water and food and absence of teachers.,2
7205,"The medication and medical equipment/supply shortage has reached a critical stage, as more than 170 drugs out of the 500 essential ones have run out. about 31% of the essential medicines are completely depleted from the Gaza ministry warehouses, Barsh said, and another 30% might run out within weeks, 'thus foreshadowing a possible humanitarian crisis in the Gaza Strip.”  ",4
9551,"In the Southeast: coffee, litchis, cassava (MG 19), food consumption will deteriorate as the very poor will be depleting their remaining own stocks. During the same period, some very poor will already be facing food consumption gaps. Consumption of wild foods will be intensified. Incomes will slowly deteriorate after the rice transplanting and coffee weeding; labor opportunities will decrease and by May very poor households will have limited incomes. Very poor households will employ coping strategies like intensifying basketry or relying on borrowing food/remittances between March and May. Thus, people will likely not easily meet their food needs and will likely face Crisis (IPC Phase 3) between April and May 2018. From June onwards, very poor and poor households will begin to face fewer food consumption gaps with the coming harvests. Low staple prices and more income from rice, coffee and cassava harvests and cassava planting in August will result in better purchasing power, thereby tightening the food consumption gap. The coffee harvest expected in June will likely be near normal due to favorable rainfall that in turn will provide near normal incomes for households. Therefore, most households in this livelihood zone will experience Stressed (IPC Phase 2) food security outcomes again between June and September 2018.",3
11904,"A total of 22 hospitals have been put out of service since Sunday. Today the following medical facilities were attacked:  Al Rahma Medical Center Sakba Hospital (second time) Beyt Sawa PHC Mediara Ambulance System Al Yaman Hospital Jesrin Hospital Dar Al-Shifaa Hospital (second time) Douma Obstetric Center  The following humanitarian facilities were also attacked:  SDI Office Alseeraj Office SARC Center Saqba Civil Defense Center Jesrin Civil Defense Center Dr. Ghanem Tayara,",4
5141,"A fall armyworm infestation in Zambia has affected more than 320,000 acres of maize—approximately 10 percent of the crop—planted during the October-to-December planting season, according to the Government of Zambia (GoZ) Disaster Management and Mitigation Unit. International media report that the infestation had destroyed an estimated 200,000 MT of maize as of mid-January. The GoZ is currently conducting mitigation measures and has distributed 61,000 liters of pesticides. Zambia is a major regional maize producer, and was the only country in Southern Africa to produce a surplus of maize during the 2015/2016 agricultural season.",3
5510,"In June, emergency food assistance was distributed to over 70,000 people in Leer and 52,000 people in Mayendit, although key informant information indicates that ongoing clashes disrupted the delivery of assistance to some displaced populations. Assistance is still expected to be sufficient to prevent more extreme outcomes and Crisis (IPC Phase 3!) persists in these counties. Assistance was not delivered in Koch in June and Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes are likely in this county. ",3
4621,"The World Bank report also stated that ‘‘Prices of almost all commodities continued to increase over the first half of 2017, which further depleted the purchasing power of the population. Inflation hit a record level of 28.5 percent over 2017-H1 following the 25.9 percent registered last year. Inflation is mainly driven by acute shortages in the supply chains of basic commodities, speculation in the expanding black markets, the de facto removal of food subsidies due to lack of funds, and the strong devaluation of the LYD in the parallel markets. High inflation coupled with weak performance of non-hydrocarbon sectors are likely to have increased poverty and exacerbated socio-economic exclusion’’.",5
6190,"A shortage of WASH facilities and core relief items, including solar lamps for new arrivals and refugees resid ing in emergency shelters, are the main gaps requiring urgent attention. ? Inadequate food supply due to reduced rations has resulted in negative coping mechanisms like stealing from other refugees and the host community. ? Worn-out emergency and family shelters need urgent replacement during the rainy season.",3
11988, Niger continues to face critical humanitarian needs caused by the consequences of Boko Haram-related violence in the Diffa region and the high level of vulnerability of people affected by recurrent food insecurity and malnutrition crises as well as seasonal floods and epidemics. ,9
11606,"7 April 2018: In al Gharbi neighbourhood, Kafr Zita city, western Hama governorate, fixed-wing warplanes believed to be of Russian origin fired six missiles at Kafr Zita Specialized Hospital, destroying the building, its equipment and a nearby Syrian Civil Defence building. Source: SNHR",4
6707,"Since late November, the southern African summer monsoon has continued to be dominated by a dipole pattern: with suppressed rainfall in the northeastern parts of the region and Island of Madagascar, and enhanced rainfall in the southern parts of contiguous SADC .",3
11597,"Heavy rains cause water contamination and lack of potable water for San Martin de Porres residentsThe collapse of a drainage system in San Martin de Porres and Puente Piedra has resulted in flooded water contaminated with sewage and no potable water for residents in 28 degree Celsius temperatures. The most affected are the residents of the San Diego area, located near the Chillón River where a water pipe burst on February 5, 2017",11
6792,"Water sources: in 82% of locations it was reported that tube wells/handpump were the most common source of drinking water, followed by piped-water tap stand in 9% and storage tank tap stand in 6%. Water needs: only in 2 out of 1807 locations it was reported that the refugee population had no access at all to drinking water, both in collective sites. In approximately 8% of all locations it was reported that access to water was limited, as only some people had enough water for their needs. In 43% of assessed locations at least half of the population had enough water, while in 41% most people had enough and in 7% nearly everyone had enough water for their needs.",11
688,>19% Children under five with Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM),8
11190,"Due to destroyed powerlines, Siverskyi Donets-Donbass Channel, which supplies bulk water to more than four million people in Donetsk Oblast, has temporarily reduced water supply by 50 per cent; ",11
5833," Rising water overflow and breeched embankment in many places and inundated vast areas of croplands. It destroyed nearly-ready-for-harvesting boro rice in about 160,170 hectors areas (details information in table 1). ",0
421,"Since February, intercommunity clashes have forced around 3,000 people – mainly from Koro locality in Mali’s northern Gao region – to flee to Burkina Faso. The clashes between Dogon and Peul communities have also claimed several lives. The new arrivals add to some 24,000 Malian refugees who have found refuge in Burkina Faso since the eruption of conflict in Mali in 2012. The new arrivals living in makeshift shelters are to be relocated to safer areas. The refugees urgently need basic relief items and long-term support, especially the youth. Rising intercommunal tension has also been reported around the Mali - Niger border following the 11 April abduction of a German aid worker in Niger.",7
5813,"Yei residents seek refuge in schools following fresh clashes Over a thousand civilians are sheltering in school compounds in Yei town after they fled clashes between IO splinter groups in Mukaya County in Yei River state last week.According to the state officials, an infighting erupted between two armed groups in Mukaya.This forced the civilians, who are mostly women and children, to flee to Yei Town.“No casualties were reported from the civilians. Majority of them fled the town and they are residing in Mahad and Kanjaroo schools,” said Alfred Kenneth, the information Minister in Yei River State.He said during the fighting civilians reported that their property were looted and houses destroyed by the armed groups.The new clashes in Mukaya, according to other state officials, has left women and children vulnerable with no food and water. ",10
909,"The Malagasy Bureau National de Gestion des Risques et Catastrophes (BNGRC) has deployed four teams to Antalaha, Maroantsetra, Soanierana Ivongo and Sainte Marie districts and has activated emergency operational centres. An inter-agency team planned to fly to the most affected districts today to conduct an assessment. Some of the areas hardest hit by Tropical Storm Eliakim are only accessible by air or sea during the rainy season.  ",1
5396,"In Rural Damascus over 160,000 people left East Ghouta between 9 March and 15 April following weeks of fighting. Of these, 92,000 went to sites for internally displaced people in Rural Damascus, of whom about 44,031 people were in eight IDP sites as of 23 April. IDPs are facing a lack of freedom of movement and there is no mechanism to track the movement of those who have let the shelters. Humanitarian assistance to the shelters has been scaled-up, however several protection concerns remain related to family separation, unaccompanied and separated children, lack of civil documentation, and gender concerns including risks of gender-based violence. Local agreements were made for East Qalamoun areas, including for the evacuation of around 5,000 combatants and their families to North Syria. New agreements were also reached in Southern Rural Damascus, including Yarmouk camp, in return for the evacuation of people from besieged Foah and Kafraya in Idleb. However, conflict between government forces and ISIL in Yarmouk and surrounding areas continues, with reports of civilian deaths tolls and causalities.",9
4354,"There is a risk of a severe proliferation of the Fall Armyworm, which could seriously damage maize crops (the main crop for the 2018A season), leading to significant production losses and new food insecurity peaks. Because of the poor early 2017 harvest, many Burundians depleted their food stocks from the second improved harvest in two months rather than four. Repeated shocks deprive households of their ability to recover their livelihoods in order to weather the next shock, which then further erodes their resilience and exacerbates their food insecurity.",3
11012,"Despite the aid delivery in November, food insecurity in both communities remained critical as all shops and markets were forced to close in December due to security concerns. As such, no food, NFIs or fuel were available for purchase in either community. Populations in both Az-Zabdani and Madaya relied on distributions of remaining food rations, and both communities continued to report negative coping strategies to deal with the lack of food",3
7660,"In Chokwe, 1,366 hectares of crops were inundated, and 600 of these are regarded as lost. In Guija, 906 hectares are flooded, and in Chibuto more than 300 hectares are said to be lost. ",0
2414,"¨The shelters where they live are not suitable for people. They flood with rain and are full of mud. The situation is miserable,” he said.",10
4350,"61% of adults and 77% of children reported having been held in a location against their will during the journey, by armed individuals or groups other than any relevant governmental authorities. Most reported events fell into the category of kidnapping for ransom or were related to detention by armed individuals and physical restrictions of movement to a closed space, such as a garage or a warehouse In some cases, migrants reported to have paid smugglers to be hidden from the public spaces, but they were then forced to remain in a closed space against their will for months, with scarce food and water. Libya is the country reported in the vast majority of cases (90%, most frequently mentioned locations are Tripoli, Sabratah, Sabha, Az-zawiyah), followed by Sudan, Turkey and Iran. Around 5% of all migrants reported having experienced this condition in more than one country",9
2974,"Due to extreme poverty and a crumbling health care system, DRC’s population is highly vulnerable to acute malnutrition and disease outbreaks such as cholera and Ebola. In 2016, 14 million malaria cases were recorded and 1.9 million under-fives are expected to suffer from severe malnutrition in the course of 2017.",8
4779,"Thousands more people are fleeing Mosul every day since Iraqi troops began their push into the last Islamic State-held areas of the city last week, with food and water running out and the fighting killing increasing numbers of civilians.  More than 22,000 people have fled Mosul since the U.S.-backed forces opened a new front in the northwest of the city on May 4 to try to finally dislodge the militants, the United Nations said on Wednesday, citing Iraqi government figures.",11
890,"Separately, guards in Bouake, the West African nation's second largest city, also fired their weapons in front of the main prison to try to pressure the government into paying them more money, a local member of parliament said.",9
151,"On 13 August, Gaza’s sole power plant turned off one of two operating turbines due to a shortage of fuel, extending power cuts to 22 hours per day, up from 18-20 hours previously. Since 21 June, the GPP has been operating with fuel imported from Egypt, however, the deliveries have been repeatedly disrupted triggering shortages. This has further disrupted the already stressed provision of basic services, including health, water and sanitation.",11
7553," Reportedly, hundreds of civilians were able to flee the town prior to its encirclement; however, serious concerns are raised regarding the situation of those left in the town. ",1
8579,There have been no recorded returns to the city. Many neighbourhoods are restricted to military access only and are heavily contaminated with mines and unexploded ordnance. KIs reported that a small number of returns to neighbourhoods on the outskirts of the city may be possible in the next month.,9
8905,"Several Israeli navy ships attacked, on Monday morning, Palestinian fishing boats in Gaza territorial waters, northwest of Gaza city, and abducted two fishermen. Soldiers invaded and uprooted farmlands in central Gaza.The navy fired many live rounds at the boats, and chased some of them to the shore, before abducting two fishermen, identified as Sha’ban Abu Ryala and Mohammad Abu Ryala.",5
9290,"Reports have also emerged of landmines being laid in many areas, including along parts of the western coast that prevent fishermen from providing for their families in an area of growing hunger and malnutrition.",9
3480,"As a result of disrupted healthcare delivery and non-functionality of hospitals, gaps on provision of health services, even within the functioning hospitals were observed. By end of the 2nd Quarter 2014, the availability blood bank services has slightly improved (75%) compared to 42% end of the 1st Quarter; imaging services (87%) comparted to 63% end of 1st Quarter 2014. Provision of specialized healthcare services remained low (i.e., management of acute malnutrition, management of children diseases, cancer treatment, and mental healthcare), especially after destruction of many of the specialized MoH and MoHE hospitals.",4
1143,"During November 2016, 30 attacks on health care were recorded, including 21 health care structures and 15 ambulances. Collectively, the attacks resulted in killing of at least 42 people including 3 health workers, and wounding at least 45 people including 20 health workers. For detailed report see November report on Attacks on health care.   ",4
3602,"On 7 May 2018, the Dominican Republic Emergency Operations Center (COE) reported heavy rain and floods in urban and rural and urban areas causing landslides and an overflow of several rivers. The following Provinces were under a yellow alert: Barahona, El Gran Santo Domingo, San José de Ocoa, and San Cristóbal. The storm displaced 3,865 people, affected 773 houses, and left 16 communities isolated.",10
9597,"Returns to recently retaken disputed areas and other parts of Ninewa Governorate are currently outpacing new arrivals. The impending winter and the lack of kerosene in camps are the main reasons for premature returns. Intention surveys this week showed, however, that the most vulnerable families wish to remain in displacement due to intercommunal tensions and the lack of social and economic means to rebuild homes and life. The risk of arbitrary detention and disappearance of vulnerable families in need of specialized protection at the hands of armed actors remains a serious protection concern.",7
10060,"Forty-two per cent of the population do not have access to potable water, and 77 per cent do not have hygienic toilets. From January to December 2017, more than 13,000 cholera cases were reported, mainly in Fizi, Minova and Uvira.Besides cholera, measles, malaria, acute respiratory infections and diarrhoea are the most common diseases that ail people in South Kivu.Shabunda territory continuously reports high numbers of measles cases. In 2017, over 1,000 cases were reported in Lulingu area, in Shabunda, which is the second highest number after Fizi (2,652).mass movements of people disrupt vaccination programmes. Poverty also remains a major hurdle in accessing medical and health services.",11
5113,"The impact of drought on nutritional status is highly linked to reduced access to safe water, health concerns and increased likelihood of food insecurity in the months to come with the impact possibly more severe in provinces with pre-existing high rates of malnutrition. An estimated 125,000 acutely malnourished children under five and 32,750 pregnant and lactating women (PLW) will be in need of life saving emergency nutrition services across the 20 drought affected provinces",8
7602,"From 7 to 9 June, a multi-sectoral inter-agency assessment mission was carried out in five villages in the Sub-Prefecture of Kangalom, to assess the conditions of areas of return of formerly displaced persons (around 11,000) returning to the islands. The mission recommended that urgent interventions are needed in the areas of WASH and education since there are no existing facilities",2
6861,"Despite improvement in rainfall during late March and early April, below-average rainfall accumulations since late February have resulted in moderate to locally strong moisture deficits in many parts of southern South Sudan, Kenya, southern Ethiopia, southern Somalia, and northern Tanzania. The outlook is not expected to improve abnormal dryness in Kenya",5
10596,"As of 3 August 2017, there were 80,555 cases of dengue reported in Viet Nam including 22 deaths.Compared to the same period in 2016, the cumulative number of cases increased by 33.5%, and the number of deaths increased by five. Majority of cases were reported from the South (59%). A sharp increase in the number of reported cases has been observed in the North (almost 25 times compared to same period last year) especially from Ha Noi with approximately 13,440 cases.",4
11949," Iraqi authorities are holding 1,400 foreign wives and children of suspected Islamic State fighters after government forces expelled the jihadist group from one of its last remaining strongholds in Iraq, security and aid officials said. ",9
898,"The drought is also affecting education. A recent assessment indicates that 20,000 children have dropped out of school in Puntland due to the drought and with already 3 million children out of school in Somalia, more than 270,000 schoolaged children enrolled in schools in drought-affected areas are at risk of missing out on education.",2
7183,"Moreover, children, adolescents and women in both the Rohingya and host communities are exposed to high levels of violence, abuse and exploitation including sexual harassment, child labour and child marriage and are at high risk of being trafficked. F",9
1268,"Out of an estimated 400,000 migrants, nine per cent are children (36,000 Child Migrants) and, shockingly, more than 14,000 children are also unaccompanied. This year nearly 15,000 unaccompanied children have reached Italy by sea travelling across the perilous Central Mediterranean route from Libya, their journeys typically facilitated by smugglers and traffickers.",9
10355,"Reporters Without Borders (RSF) has said that the crisis for press freedom in Libya has reached an unprecedented level seven years after the country’s revolution. In a report the RSF explained that the open conflict between two rival governments has made journalism extremely dangerous, condemning the impunity for violence against journalists, who continue to flee abroad.",9
1182,"With the persistence of the maize export ban in  Zambia, the main source of imports for maize deficit  region’s in the country will remain international  imports, including those supplies re-exported from  South Africa. Maize supplies are expected to be  constrained through the lean season and prices will  remain well above average across the region,  especially in Malawi and Mozambique. ",3
5964,"Another cholera and measles vaccination campaign is being planned in April as a preventive measure for the vulnerable population. Earlier, 900,000 doses of cholera vaccine were administered to the refugees and their host communities, in addition to two vaccination campaigns for measles and three for diphtheria which concluded earlier this week with WHO support.",4
10044,"At the end of 2016, the country counted 1.9 million displaced persons and welcomed more than 430,000 refugees. We estimate that the number of children who suffer from severe acute malnutrition has reached 2 million.",9
4135,"In March 2017, according to the findings of the multicluster emergency assessment mission, 72 percent of the population in the nine affected southern districts were found to be food insecure, including 26 percent of severely food insecure",3
6663,"The proportion of households using the water network has decreased in three governorates (Al Mahwit and Al Dhale’e by -12%, and Lahj by -13%). While no significant damage to infrastructure has been noted in these areas, the lack of network functionality may be linked to fuel shortage.",11
10417,"As seen in Table 2, cholera cases have been confirmed every year since the onset of the South Sudan crisis in 2013. The 2016/17 outbreak is the longest and largest in magnitude and geographical extent. Due to the protracted crisis, displacements, insecurity, and declining investment in WASH, access to safe drinking water and sanitation facilities has declined significantly. Access to improved sanitation facilities is less than 10% while access to safe drinking water from improved water sources is estimated at 60%.",11
8529,"Meanwhile heavy rainfall recorded in most parts of the region has caused flooding in the regional capital, Gambella, on May 18 2017. The flooding has affected some 600 households and killed a five-year-old child in 05 kebele of the town. Kebeles 01,03 and 05 are the most affected by the flood. Poor sewerage system is reported to have aggravated the effect of the flooding. The Regional Disaster Prevention and Food Security Agency (DPFSA) together with the city administration and humanitarian partners have assessed the situation and are coordinating assistance. ",10
10726,490 Lassa fever cases of which 180 were confirmed and 104 deaths,4
2192,"Nord-Kivu: 260,000 people affected. 162,000 people in need. ",3
237,ments of 3RP regional sectoral indicators on the humanitarian and resilience responses of more than 240 p,1
11940,"The Ministry of Planning, in collaboration with the United Nations Human Settlements Program (UN-Habitat), have launched  the results of the identification of informal settlements in Iraq, which comprised of 3,687 informal settlements in 12 governorates, inhabited by about 3.2 million Iraqis.",10
102,"All of Aleppo is now controlled by the government of Syria. But the eastern part of the city, which sustained a long military offensive and heavy damages, still has not recovered from its near-entire destruction.",10
2750,Over the past two weeks there has been a significant decrease in the number of AWD/Cholera cases in all regions. Active transmission of AWD/cholera is only observed in Banadir region and Lower Jubba that have had an influx of refugees due to insecurity in these regions. The number of new AWD/Cholera cases in all regions is summarised in table 1 below. It is important to note that the number of AWD/Cholera cases in regions where oral cholera vaccination campaign was implemented have also decrease.,4
2054,"12 321 people affected, five deaths, one person missing, 10 wounded and 10 288 displaced. More than 605 houses have been destroyed with roofs torn off. Six communes in Maroansetra are completely flooded and 65% of the houses in Maroansetra town are reported to be destroyed. ",9
1008,"The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights published hours ago that it documented the death of 1021 citizens including an activist in the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, 241 children and 168 citizen women, and the casualties are 1005 citizens including 238 children at least under the age of eighteen and 164 citizen women over the age of eighteen, they were killed in Al-Raqqah city, in addition to 16 citizens, 3 children and 4 citizen women were killed by raids on Zor Shammar village and another area on the southern banks of the Euphrates River in the eastern countryside of Al-Raqqah, the air strikes also resulted in the injury of hundreds of citizens with varying degrees of severity, some of them have amputated limbs and permanent disabilities, while some of the injuries are still in serious cases, which may lead to the increase of the number of casualties, while dozens of houses and service facilities were destroyed in the city, as a result of this intensive bombing, which targeted Al-Raqqah city and its vicinity and outskirts.",6
4000,"829,272 people in IPC 3 and 4 from March to May 2017. 19,374 people in IPC 4. 808,898 in IPC 3",3
11781,"The adoption of emergency livelihood and consumption coping strategies has dramatically increased. This includes eating expired food and animal fodder, spending days without eating, begging and engaging in high-risk activities to get food, including teenagers and children joining armed groups, as this is the sole way households can manage to feed their families. Key informants and interviewed teachers identified an increase in the number of cases of hungerinduced fainting among school children and teachers.",3
6071,"The government relief agency, the National Disaster Management Institute, says that about 6,000 people could be affected by the Save flood. INGC staff have been trying to persuade people to leave their homes now threatened by the river. ",10
6775,"The source strongly criticised the government's disregard of the spread of cholera and the El Gedaref Ministry of Health ignoring of the disease, despite its spread for several months.",4
11364,"Natural disasters and chronic poverty contribute to food insecurity in Mozambique, a nation of approximately 28 million people. The UN World Food Program (WFP) reports that Mozambique is highly susceptible to environmental shocks, including droughts, cyclones and floods, which undermine economic development and damage livelihoods and infrastructure. Furthermore, approximately 46 percent of Mozambicans subsist under the national poverty line, according to the World Bank.",3
10927,"There is a health center, but it is not functional due to lack of specialized staff, salaries and medicine.",4
9827,"Two years today after a large earthquake shook Nepal, destroying more than half a million homes and damaging a quarter million more, the government is failing marginalised earthquake survivors, breaching both the Constitution and international human rights law, Amnesty International said today in a new report. ",1
6925,Two hundred more households in Overpill and part of Zambia Townships in Choma have been affected following a heavy pour that was experienced on Monday bringing the total number of families to 300. ,10
1825,"Prices of maize at high levels Prices of maize eased further in August after declining in the past month with a satisfactory 2017B main season harvest. However, prices were still more than 40 percent higher than their year-earlier levels reflecting an overall tight supply situation due to a reduced 2017A harvest, gathered earlier in the year, and lower imports from neighbouring United Republic of Tanzania and Rwanda. A weak currency and low foreign currency reserves hampering trade, coupled with fuel shortages leading to higher transport costs, also contributed to the high level of prices.",3
8234,"As we get closer to the cyclone and monsoon seasons, what is already a dire humanitarian situation risks becoming a catastrophe. Hundreds of thousands of children are already living in horrific conditions, and they will face an even greater risk of disease, flooding, landslides and further displacement,” said Edouard Beigbeder, UNICEF representative in Bangladesh. “Unsafe water, inadequate sanitation and poor hygiene conditions can lead to cholera outbreaks and to Hepatitis E, a deadly disease for pregnant women and their babies while standing water pools can attract malaria-carrying mosquitos. Keeping children safe from disease must be an absolute priority,” Beigbeder added in a statement on Tuesday.",11
7834,"In Niger, WFP and partners conducted Emergency Food Security Assessment (EFSA) survey. 2,949 households were surveyed in the 12 communes (Bosso, Diffa, Chetimari, Foulatari, Goudoumaria, Gueskérou, Kabalewa, Maïne Soroa, N'Gourti, N 'Guelbely, N'Guigmi and Toumour) of Diffa region. According to the survey results, 37.1 percent (211,485 Rural areas remain the most affected, with a food people) of households are food insecure, including insecurity level of 33 percent, compared with 22 10.7 percent (60,775 people) in severe form. percent in urban areas. Nouakchott and Hodh El-Charghi regions have the highest numbers of food Households in food insecurity are located in the insecure people. Both regions account for nearly 40 communes of, Gueskerou (77.3 percent), Goudoumaria percent of the country's food insecure people. Assaba, (40.9 percent), Bosso (38.8 percent), Kabalewa (36.7 Gorgol, Guidimakha and Brakna regions also have high percent), Diffa ( 35.3 percent), Chetimari (35 percent) level of food insecure people. and N'Guigmi (34.4 percent), where more than one out of three households are food insecure. ",3
7720,"Those left in the city remain directly at risk from the conflict, facing threats such as airstrikes, sniper fire, mines and improvised explosives, while children are also reportedly being targeted for recruitment by armed groups.",9
6669,"North Korea had effectively wiped out malaria in the 1970s, but the disease resurged in the late 1990s in the face of the country’s economic collapse. The number of cases peaked in 2013 at nearly 24,000 but dropped to approximately 5,000 in 2016. Despite the decline, WHO estimates nearly 40 percent of the North Korean population lives in at-risk areas for malaria infection.",8
7282,But with widespread malnutrition and rats scampering through cells made for 20 men but now crammed with 80 to 100 it's hard to focus on anything but basic survival.,8
7101,"A recent spike at the beginning of 2017 saw over 4,500 refugees crossing the Eritrea-Ethiopia border and in urgent need of humanitarian assistance.As 150–200 refugees arrive daily at the Endabaguna screening centre, IOM will continue to work in close coordination with ARRA, UNHCR and partners to ensure refugees are supported with transport to safely reach the refugee camps.",3
6594," In Somalia, the situation remains as indicated in the 2017 Post Gu Assessment, with the risk of famine persisting and the Northern Inland Pastoral, Hawd Pastoral, and Addun Pastoral areas expected to face Emergency (IPC Phase 4) food insecurity until January 2018. ",3
444,"Since the start of the current rainy season, in October 2017, 14 people have died in storms in various parts of Mozambique, according to data released on Wednesday by the country's relief agency, the National Disasters Management Institute (INGC). INGC spokesperson Paulo Tomas told a Maputo press conference that the storms had affected almost 26,000 people, and that the heavy rains and high winds had destroyed 4,786 houses. In addition 207 classrooms and eight health units had been damaged or destroyed, and 68 electricity pylons had been blown down.The Maputo storms, Tomas said, had completely destroyed two houses in Matola city, and had flooded 29 others. Storms in the same period struck the western province of Tete, damaging 31 houses and nine classrooms.",10
7362,"Act for Peace is raising funds to provide urgent, life-saving assistance to Rohingya people fleeing violence and persecution. Our partners in Bangladesh are already providing food and emergency shelter near the border and treating urgent medical conditions. ",10
10762,"Severe flooding is devastating Nepal’s main food-producing region, swamping farm fields, sweeping away thousands of livestock and displacing families. The disaster is threatening to cause a serious food shortage in the South Asian nation.",3
6003,"over 400,000 Muslim people still living in Rakhine State who continue to face a life of hardship and marginalization due to movement restrictions.These restrictions severely compromise their rights and obstruct their access to health, livelihoods, protection, education, and other essential services, she said.",9
556,The humanitarian organisation confirmed that nobody has been killed or seriously injured but material losses have been significant with whole houses being swept away by the floods.,10
8605,"Cholera cases continues to be reported. Out of the 47 counties in Kenya, 16 counties have been affected by Cholera in 2017, of which nine counties currently have an active outbreak – Nairobi, Garissa, Kajiado, Nakuru, Machakos, Kisumu, Siaya, Turkana and Homa bay. In the week of 7th August, 10 new cases were reported across the country, of which five were in Kakuma, three in Siaya, one in Nairobi and one in Dadaab. However, reporting during the week may have been affected by the elections, as security operations limited access to CTCs by the affected populations. There is also concern of a possible spike in cholera due to the ongoing rains in the non-arid area of Kenya. A cumulative total of 2,210 cases have been reported with 32 deaths (Case Fatality Rate of 1.4%). Majority of cases are reported in Nairobi County, with a cumulative total of 1,116 cases and 31 deaths reported by 13th August. The rapid spread of Cholera is being attributed to unsafe water sources, poor food handling in hotel establishments and poor case management.",4
4012,"The harassment against the Bahá’ís, as religious minorities, seems to persist, if not worsen amounting to religious persecution in Yemen,”",9
5355,"The lack of ground water as a resource in Nayapara is resulting in an increase in surface water usage, which will lead to water shortage during dry season pre existing refugees.The strain on water supply in Nayapara is reducing the water reserve, which will necessitate emergency water trucking in March/April 2018. ",11
4260,"Meanwhile in other worrying developments, on 26 September Hamas sentenced three men to death by hanging on the charge of murder, accessory to murder and burglary. There are serious doubts as to whether their trials and detention conditions in Gaza meet international standards. As in previous cases, if these executions were to be implemented, they would be done in violation of Palestinian law, which requires the approval of the President.  I urge Hamas not to carry out such executions and I, once again, call on President Abbas to establish a moratorium on the implementation of the death penalty.",9
2645,Plating hair and money earned is usually used in grinding maize into flour ,5
3717,"Cereal Prices: A mixed behavior was observed in the price of sorghum in different markets. Compared to the previous month, it decreased by 12 to 20 percent in Konyokonyo, Bor, Bentiu and Yida, while stable price was observed in markets of Kapoeta South, Torit, Wau and Rumbek. On the contrary, price of sorghum increased in Wunrok (67 percent), Aweil (62 percent) and Mingkaman (11 percent).",3
6930,So far more than 360 houses have collapsed in Kabwe and a further 100 in Choma following heavy rain that has left hundreds of families homeless and in dire need of emergency aid. ,10
1208,Nigeria Islamist militant group Boko Haram has said it was behind Monday's twin suicide bombing at a university in north eastern Nigeria which killed two people.,9
5305,"In Djibouti, the Diraac/Sugum rains (March to May) have generally been average to slightly above average. Livestock body conditions have largely improved with recent favorable Diraac rains",0
10753,"Those who fled the violence at the Moria hotspot, which is hosting numbers three times its capacity, have been told that they will lose their food and financial allowances as well as their appointments with the asylum service if they do not return to the hotspot.",3
8516,"The national attack rate continues to increase reporting 364.99 per 10,000. The five governorates with the highest cumulative attack rates per 10,000 are Amran, Al Mahwit, Al Dhale’e, Abyan and Hajja. As of week (51), there were 6,794 suspected cases reported and 1 associated deaths with 10% of the cases reported severe.",4
2788,"At least 1,500 shelters have been damaged in Djibouti City alone, seriously affecting at least 7,000 people, and this number is expected to rise. Tents, non-food items and food have been identified as immediate needs.",10
6324,"The humanitarian crisis in Niger is worsening, with the number of people in need of assistance reaching 2.3 million in 2018—an increase of 400,000 people compared to 2017. A scale-up of humanitarian aid is urgently required, as indicators across multiple sectors are deteriorating. The nutrition sector is the hardest hit, with 1.7 million people requiring nutrition support, an increase of 250,000 people from last year. Chronic vulnerabilities related to food insecurity, malnutrition, epidemics and floods are being compounded by growing insecurity in the regions bordering Mali and in the Diffa region. Further, overcrowding in camps and displacements sites have worsened the living conditions of the displaced population and exacerbated the protection risks faced particularly by children and women.",1
5421,"It damaged and destroyed infrastructures and people’s homes and livelihoods, and disrupted basic social services, mainly in rural areas. ",5
4542,"Between 25 August and 11 November 2017 (epidemiological weeks 34 -45), a total of 36,096 AWD cases were reported including 10 related deaths (CFR 0.03%). A total of 42% (15,206) were in the under -5 age group. The weekly distribution of AWD cases by age group is shown in figure 9.The highest attack rate for AWD was reported from Moynarghna with 113/1,000 population followed by Kutupalong Registered camp (98/1,000) and  Thangkhali (85/1,000). ",4
4605,"Access to essential goods and services, including food, shelter and water and sanitation, is an issue across Libya, mainly driven by conflict, insecurity and the economic crisis. The severity of the problem varies depending on the extent of infrastructural damage, security, resources and the resilience of populations. In locations such as Benghazi and Tripoli access to essential goods and services has been dramatically reduced particularly considering the large affected populations. The situation is also extremely concerning in locations such as Sirt and in the south",11
5277,"d.245,259 people reached with food assistance in June 2017 300,000 in need of nutrition rehabilitation 43% chronic malnutrition",8
11470,"Floods: 244,365 people (66,059 households) affected. 170 houses were completely damaged and 6,527 partially damaged.",10
5548,"Farming is the occupation of the majority of households in 29% of displacement sites and 62% of locations in host communities. In 27% of displacement sites, IDPs are engaged in daily labor and in 12% of sites, the majority collect rewood which is sold for money. ",5
7811,"Over the weekend, negotiations between rebel and regime negotiators failed to reach an agreement to repair the damaged pumping station, and airstrikes resumed once again on Sunday, continuing into Tuesday. ",6
3317," A large proportion, approximately 70%, of cases reported severe joint pain and high grade fever. The scale of this outbreak has likely been underestimated given the under-reporting of cases and low levels of health-seeking behaviors among the affected population. The large mosquito breeding sites in affected areas and inadequate vector control mechanisms also represent major propagating factors.  ",4
3119,"As a response to the increasing number of suspected dengue fever cases in Sudan, WHO distributed mosquito repellents among 10,000 school children in Kassala, and volunteers visited 2,500 houses to raise awareness about indoor vector control activities.",4
529,"In the Khyber tribal district on the Afghan border in the northwest, three infant girls were killed and two women injured when the roof of their house collapsed in heavy rain, said local administration official Niaz Mohammed.",10
3649,"29,706 Total children under 5 with Severe Acute Malnutrition (2017)",8
10755,"Restriction of movements: in 92% of locations it was reported that refugees experience difficulties in their movements when crossing checkpoints. Firewood collection points were reported in 77% of locations, followed by 41% when going to work.",9
4777,"Five people died of cholera at New Halfa hospital in Kassala state in five days, while the hospitalised cases in the isolation centres of the hospital numbered 100 on Thursday.  An activist told Radio Dabanga that the cases were concentrated in villages of New Halfa and Atbara River localities as well as the districts of Halfa city.  He explained that all cases are being treated at New Halfa hospital because of the lack of sanitation facilities in the villages of the two localities.  He expressed concern about overcrowding of the isolation centres which were opened to receive cases of cholera in both localities last week.",4
270," It is estimated that in 2017, more than 1.9 million people will be affected by at least one crisis, including food insecurity and malnutrition, population movement, epidemics and natural disasters.",3
985,"Up to 3.4 million Kenyans are facing hunger as a result of prolonged drought, which has affected food production. Millions of animals, both domestic and wild, are also suffering devastating effects of delayed rains. The most affected are 19 counties, mostly at the Coast, northern Kenya and Rift Valley, where rains have been inadequate for six years. In Kajiado County, up to 130,000 households and more than 600,000 cattle are at risk of starvation.",3
6942,Heavy snow and avalanches have killed more than 106 people and injured dozens in Afghanistan.,10
9527,"The war is widespread. It is ongoing not only Sangin, but also other districts of the province. ",9
7966,"The prevalence of mental health issues is related to the degree of exposure to trauma events and the availability of physical and social support. Mental health and psycho-social support services are extremely limited in South Sudan. Resilience and capacity to recover from traumatic experiences change over time and are affected by individual, family and community factors. Conflict has increased the proportion of individuals having experienced traumatic events and displacement have fragmented family and community support mechanisms.Symptoms of mental health issues common in conflict affected populations can include feelings of shame, fragmented memories, intrusive memories, self-blame, inability to concentrate, sleep disorders, irritability, anger, anxiety, mistrust and avoidance. Poor mental health increases the likelihood that people will engage in destructive behaviour such as selfharm, risk-taking behaviour, and substance abuse and make people more prone to suicidal behaviour. The reported suicide rate in South Sudan is 14.3 deaths per 100,000 individuals, although a lack of systematic data collection and reporting makes this statistic unreliable. Contextual information about suicide in South Sudan is not available, but there are possibly specific cultural and environmental factors such as levels of stigma and acceptance that impact the rate of suicide.",4
3440,"Since December 2017, military operations have displaced another 130,000 people, exacerbating health and humanitarian concerns. There are few formal camps for internally displaced persons (IDPs), and makeshift ones are rapidly creating health risks due to lack of adequate shelter, sanitation, and clean water.",11
11256,"Friday 15th December 2017 was the start of the holidays at the Musue Bionso Primary School in Mulombela – a village situated 20km from Kananga in Kasai-Central province. The students and teachers did not know then that they would not be able to return to the classroom after the holidays.“On the 8th January, after the holidays, we did not go back to school because of the fighting between the army and the militia,” Mbombo explained. She is 14 and in the 6th grade.The villagers fled to find shelter in the bush.Uncertainty still reigns all around Mbombo’s village. The school benches are hopelessly empty",2
7433,"In Kachin and Shan, the high number of displaced children requiring pre-primary, primary and post-primary education results in pressure on the existing facilities in areas both within and beyond the Government control, despite the establishment of additional temporary learning classrooms (TLCs) and schools in IDP camps. The additional costs of education –supplies, tuition fees and transportation– are prohibitive for many IDPs. A lack of resources results in insufficient facilities and materials to accommodate children within minimum standards. Adolescents are in particular need of learning opportunities and life-skills education as they are the most vulnerable to forced labour, recruitment into armed groups and exploitation.",2
10239,"Shelter and WASH needs are the urgent priority to prevent outbreak. Households assets including household items and food stocks were also soaked and damaged in the wake of the storm, resulting in need for immediate food support and non-food items (NFI).Cox’s Bazar",1
3552,"Mungula sttlement:Refugees cannot cultivate enough food to supplement their food rations due to small plot sizes and poor soil quality. This limitation exacerbates the toll of food rations reductions, particularly for the elderly and children. ",0
6037,"The cyclone is being compared to the last hurricanestrength tropical cyclone Giovanna that made landfall on Madagascar's east coast on 13 February 2012. ENAWO is predicted to affect approximately 1.4 million people.The cyclone will also trigger life threatening stormsurge flooding, damaging winds, dangerous surf and mud/rockslides near and along the northeast coast of Madagascar starting Tuesday. Downed trees, structural damage to homes and power outages may be widespread in these areas. ENAWO will also bring heavy rainfall to this mountainous island. The damagecaused by floods could potentially affect 8 regions (Analanjirofo, Atsinanana, Sofia, Alaotra Mangoro, Analamanga, Menabe, Vatovavy fitovinany, Atsimo Andrefana)",7
531,"The number of people fleeing western Mosul citycontinues to climb steadily. Taking into account some 32,000 people that have returned to accessible areas, as of 10 May approximately 414,000 people were currently displaced from western Mosul according to the Iraqi authorities. This brings the total number of people who have been displaced from Mosul city and its surrounds to 622,000, as of 10 May, of whom some 480,000 people are currently still displaced. The majority of displaced people have fled to camps and emergency sites where humanitarian assistance is being provided. Conditionsfaced by anestimated 360,000 people living in ISIL-held west Mosul are of significant concern to humanitarian partners, as access to food and clean water sources continue to remain significant challenges. Health partners warn of the potential risk of waterborne disease outbreaks as summer approaches and temperatures rapidly increase.",5
11698,"Security of land tenure for new arrivals is limited, increasing the risk of eviction.",9
6508,"According to local media, as of 19 December at 7.00 UTC, at least 40 people have been killed. As national authorities mentioned on 19 December, 19 people were reported injured and two more went missing. In addition, over 766 200 people have been affected by floods in 1 381 municipalities across six regions (Regions V, VI, VII, VIII, Mimaropa and Caraga), of which 190 247 have been evacuated inside 572 evacuation centres. 149 houses have been damaged in the cities of Samar (Eastern Visayas region) and Agusan del Norte (Caraga region).",10
11222,Lack of soap and dignity kit was a serious concern expressed by the women of reproductive age,11
6588,"Backlog of 12,000 refugee children for late birth registration Some parents take too long to collect their birth certificates despite ongoing sensitization Child friendly spaces lack materials for child play Lack of interest among the community in voluntarily taking in UACs and providing parental care. Increased number of child neglect cases due to irresponsibility of parents.",9
11403,"Staple food prices have remained atypically high in March, the post-harvest period, attributed to poor Vuli production. Prices are likely to remain at current high levels until May/June. In July, with the arrival of the Msimu harvest, prices are expected to decline, but may remain at least slightly above average due to the expectation that the harvest will be below average.",3
9888,"In Ar-Raqqa and Deir-ez-Zoir, the infestation of UXO (unexploded ordinance), IEDs (Improvised Explosive Devices), and ERW (Explosive Remnants of War) is provoking civilian casualties, mainly in Ar-Raqqa and Deir EzZoir. Access for humanitarian workers to the city is almost impossible due to unsafe conditions.",9
4790,"Fevers of unexplained origin accounted for 30%, (90,329/299,794), followed by acute respiratory infections (25%, 75,271), acute watery diarrhoea (21%, 63,750), skin diseases (10%, 29,145), injuries (3%, 7,715), eye infections (3%, 7,345) and malaria (2%, 7,072). The remaining 6% (19,167) were due to other causes including diphtheria, bloody diarrhoea, acute jaundice syndrome (AJS), meningitis like diseases and severe malnutrition",4
10169,"Based on the Humanitarian Response Plan the current target of the WASH Sector is 1,166,000, out of which 853,309 are targeted for Water, 914,899 for Sanitation and 1,166,000 for Hygiene. ? There is still a continuous influx of new refugees resulting in an increase in the population at multiple sites which is overloading the existing WASH facilities due to heavy use. In addition, these new arrivals are in urgent need of WASH NFI’s (jerrycans for storage/transportation of water). ? Reception areas close to border area have very limited safe water and sanitation facilities. The new arrivals are receiving bottled water (1.5 liters) and sector partners have provided mobile sanitation facilities. ? The existing public health conditions in the different camps and makeshift settlements continue to worsen due to poor water quality and sanitation facilities, limited space and terrain, these factors, combined with the increased population has greatly increased the risk of serious public health hazards. ? As a part of the AWD preparedness and response plan, sector partners will preposition contingency supplies for beneficiaries. These supplies will include water purification tablets, chlorine powder and a NFI kit. This will be in addition to meeting the immediate need for hygiene kits. WASH and health sector partners will be jointly visiting different sites/camps to select appropriate locations for setting up DTC/DTU’s.",11
7528,"Bama LGA IDP count 42,902. Urgent needs: shelter, food, and NFIs",3
8691,"– As the Western Cape faces a serious drought due to poor rainfall during winter, the Department of Water and Sanitation has informed the agricultural sector of 10 percent additional water restrictions.The demand for water in the province has steadily increased due to the growing population and economy. This, as well as poor rainfall, has added significant pressure on water supply.",5
7474,"Kakuma Camp & Kalobeyei Settlement, Kenya185,867 The number of refugees registered by UNHCR as of 3 March 2018. 2,227 The number of new arrivals with heightened protection needs registered in 2018. 2,848 Number of Somali refugees from Kakuma assisted to return to Somalia since February 2016.",9
5177,"As of February, Lebanese General Security an- nounced a new policy that waives the annual 200 USD residency fee for some Syrian refugees in Lebanon who were registered with UNHCR before 2015. The decision excludes around 483,000 Syri- ans and some 30,675 Palestine refugees from Syria (PRS) who are not registered with UNHCR, as well as anyone who has acquired legal residency through a Lebanese sponsor. ",9
9746,"Due to road access limitations and deteriorating infrastructure, a number of key operational areas remain accessible only by air while others are completely inaccessible.",6
4252,"IDPs are mixed with the returnees and host communi ? es. No separate land is allocated for IDP se ? lements and many IDP families are sharing shelters with the returnees and host communi ? es. In some cases up to 3 families share one shelter. IDPs lack adequate shelter (including shelter adapted for the rainy season) and other materials such as blankets, plas ? c sheets, kitchen sets as well as clothing. Lack of local access to NFI materials such as ropes and poles obliges people to walk several hours to obtain these items.",10
7351,"“The needs presented in the HRD for 2017 have been established through a robust, Government-led multiagency meher needs assessment, which took place over three weeks in November andDecember 2016.” says the UN Resident and Humanitarian Coordinator Ms. Ahunna Eziakonwa-Onochie. Nearly 230 representatives from the Government, UN, NGOs and donors visitedaffected communities across Ethiopia’s nine regions. The assessment concluded that some 5.6million people will be in need of assistance in the course of 2017. ",9
5799,"In addition, electricity has been cut off in Sulaymaniye and the internet and telephone lines are disconnected. ",7
2094,"The baseline coverage for routine immunization is low. This, combined with crowded living conditions, lack of adequate water and sanitation and reported levels of high malnutrition, represents a public health risk to both the new arrivals and the host population",4
6251,"Speaking to Goobjoog News,  some of the IDP members mentioned that they are about 45 families and they have been living inside the church since 1991.",9
8957,Farmers and crop gardeners in many parts of the Highlands are still recovering from devastation caused by the El Nino-induced drought from 2015 to 2016.,3
4594,"People living in the eastern Ukrainian village of Opytne have no access to healthcare or essential medications. Opytne is a frontline village that lies in government-controlled territory in Ukraine, opposite the destroyed Donetsk Airport, which is now in the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic.Without transportation and isolated by poor weather, the villagers, mostly elderly people, have no choice but to live with the constant stress of the conflict in the region. Nearby shelling engenders acute anxiety and depression, in addition to cutting off access to regular care for chronic conditions such as cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and diabetes.“Without access to a regular doctor, the villagers in Opytne practice self-care, measure each other’s blood pressure, and self-medicate,” said Myriam Berry, MSF field coordinator for Donetsk oblast (province).“As there is no road, there are no cars in the village and residents are walking several kilometres to reach Avdiivka [a nearby city] through a field.”",4
4208,"Armed men attacked and destroyed a health facility on Tuesday in Tali County of Terekeka State, according to authorities there.The County commissioner, Angelo Maring, said the armed men took away all medicines and burned the rest at Mina primary health center. “There was a group of armed men that came and attacked the primary health care center in my county. They have taken drugs and burned the remaining drugs,” he said.In a separate incident, Mr Maring also said two people were killed and more than five hundred head of cattle looted in a cattle raid in the neighboring Tijor County the same day. “503 heads of cattle were taken from Tijor County. These cattle camps belong to cattle keepers from my county, Tali,” he revealed.",5
266,"CARE’s emergency teams in Bangladesh are distributing food and essential shelter items to thousands of people in Cox’s Bazar district, where most refugees from Myanmar have sought shelter. We are working with local authorities and partners to scale up our response as quickly as possible and help families in desperate need.",10
5226,"Yemen, Iraq, Sudan, the Syrian Arab Republic and Libya were classified by the World Bank in 2015 as L-M Income or Upper-Middle Income (U-M Income) countries. However, their food security situation is comparable to the least developed countries in the world.",3
9071,Suspected Typhoid has broken out in Shanghai area of Tazara Compound in Mpika district of Muchinga Province with 2 confirmed cases so far.,4
3354,"Minimal (IPC Phase 1) acute food insecurity is expected to persist through January 2018; however, during the lean season from October to November, poor households are likely to experience Stressed (IPC Phase 2) outcomes.",3
6721,"According to a recent report from the International Red Locust Control Organization for Central and Southern Africa, damages to crops in Zimbabwe and Zambia are significant, and in the absence of timely response, may result in significant crop losses and overall reduction in 2016/17 production.",5
5110,"Crisis (IPC Phase 3) acute food insecurity will persist in the Diffa region until September 2017. The persistent security crisis has severely reduced food and income access for poor households and has resulted in the displacement of many households that are now dependent on humanitarian aid. In some parts of the region, humanitarian access difficulties result in inadequate aid coverage and inadequate food availability that are likely to worsen nutritional outcomes over the coming months.",5
2835,"Leishmaniasis is curable, but “people often come for treatment when the disease has progressed. Then there can be scarring,” says Dr Tasnim Atatrah of WHO’s field office in Gaziantep, Turkey. “I remember one girl. I still remember how beautiful her face was. The lesion was right on her nose.” Cutaneous leishmaniasis, which affects the skin, is disfiguring and painful. Visceral leishmaniasis is far less common but far more deadly for babies and small children. “What really worries us is the visceral kind. It’s a killer,” says Abiad. “It targets infants. The symptoms are flu-like.”",4
3041,"Since the cholera outbreak began in October 2010, 800,665 cases have been reported, including 9,480 deaths.",4
10838,"87% of IDPs in private shelter were in self -paid rented accommodation. 8% were hosted with relatives, 3% were in rented accommodation paid by others and the remaining 2% were hosted with other non-relatives (see Figure 13)",10
8993,"According to the official reports, Power is cut off in the cities of Qasre-Shirin, Gilane-Garb, Kermanshah, Sare-Pule-Zahab in Kermanshah and houses in some western Iranian villages have been severely damaged to various degrees. The quake also shook the Iranian provinces of Kurdistan, Ilam, Khuzestan, Markazi, West Azerbaijan, East Azerbaijan, Lorestan, Qazvin, Zanjan, Qom and Tehran. ",10
8113,"In El Gedaref, the crops in more than 2,000 acres of horticultural farms on the banks of the Atbara and Setit rivers, and in El Mugran and El Fashaga are in danger because of the lack of fuel needed for the irrigation pumps.",3
11679,"The frequency of the water supply is almost insufficient and has worsened with the increase of the population following the arrival of Syrian refugees, especially in North. Households that are not connected to the formal networks or with lim- ited storage capacity, including those living in informal settlements, nomadic communities, the poor, refugees and mi- grants, consume less. In informal settlements, per capita consumption is estimated at between 25 and 50 litres a day. ",11
5666,"The number of malaria cases has dropped substantially, and are at lower level than in 2016 level for same period. This demonstrates the positive impact of the measures implemented these last months by partners within the malaria response plan, especially the nationwide mosquito nets distribution. According to the Ministry of Health (MoH) data, the cumulative number of malaria cases reported during the first 46 weeks of 2017 has reached (6,891,291 cases with 3,017 deaths compared to the same period in 2016 (6,863,285 cases and 3,288 deaths).",4
1045,"Access to healthcare and cash were reported as, respectively, the second and third priority needs. Access to healthcare was generally linked to the availability and affordability of medicine, and access to cash was generally linked to the need to purchase food items.",5
112,"During October, eye infections were one of the top five acute health conditions. Poor hygiene and harsh weather conditions are considered aggravating factors; skin infections consultations also doubled in October compared to September figures. Finally, an increase in the proportion of urinary tract infections was noticed. Chronic health conditions, particularly asthma and hypertension showed an incline in the proportion of consultations. Trends in chronic health conditions varied due to clinic accessibility challenges. As a result, a marked decrease in accessibility of diabetes patients was noticed.",4
11122,"UNICEF continued to monitor the nutritional status of populations in hot spots through rapid SMART surveys. The most important rapid SMART survey done in March was conducted in Bede (Ouham) with the following results: Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM): 7.0% [4.2 - 11.6], Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM): 0.9% [0.2 - 3.6], Stunting 35.2% [24.4-47.7]. The survey covered 228 children living in 230 households. UNICEF continues to support the mobile OPTs clinics in Bangui and the surrounding areas including Ombella Mpoko health district.",8
10975,"Up to 70,000 civilians are estimated to be in Deir-ez-Zor city along with an unknown number of pro-Government forces. The number of civilians in and around Al-Mayadeen and Albo Kamal cities is unclear, with many believed to be located within densely-populated areas. Thousands of refugees from Iraq are likely in the cities as well. All such civilians remain at serious risk from intense bombardment and fighting, as well as continuous displacement.",9
6323,"An inter-agency WASH taskforce mission including UNICEF visited Sortony, North Darfur, from 4 to 7 February to assess the alarming levels of the water scarcity in the community. Currently, 220,000 IDPs including 105,600 children stay in the location mainly because of the forced displacement which occurred in some areas in the Jebel Marra region between January and April 2016. The major challenge is that there are no water resources in the direct vicinity of Sortony, causing clashes between different tribe-based groups for control of the limited boreholes near the community. To improve the situation, a piped water supply system was established for a few areas by Oxfam America, UNICEF and WES. UNICEF and partners are now covering the operational costs of the pipe water system, complemented with water trucking.",11
2290,'Lack of access to clean drinking water and adequate health care facilities in the remote areas of the region lie at the heart of all problems causing children to die.',4
9673,"Reportedly, households who chose to remain in Sabratha most often based this decision on a lack of money to move, followed by a lack of family or relatives elsewhere with whom they could stay. This suggests that access to safety was often constrained by a household’s economic situation, and that some of the most economically vulnerable households may have been unable to leave. Additionally, KIs in Surman, in particular, reported that some households had chosen not to leave because they believed that Sabratha was safer than other potential destinations.",5
7572,"A large number of refugees, migrants and asylum-seekers in Zuwara have already endured alarming levels of violence and exploitation in Libya and during harrowing journeys from their home countries. Many are from eastern or western African countries, but some are from as far away as southern Asia. Some were malnourished on their arrival to the center as they had been held captive by smuggling networks in the area.",8
5463,"First season production in Greater Equatoria: Despite the forecast for average rainfall, total production is likely to be below both last year and average, due to massive population displacement out of the region. Production among poor households and IDPs who remain in South Sudan is also expected to be lower than normal as many households have depleted some assets to cope with current food insecurity and are unlikely to have the resources to cultivate average plot sizes.",3
3331,"The over-22,000 employees recruited by Hamas since 2007 continue to receive only part of their salaries on an irregular basis: only 60 per cent of the Gaza-based Ministry of Health (MoH) staff received a partial salary through the end of 2017. On average, MoH employees, of whom approximately a third are nurses and 16 per cent are doctors, have been receiving only 40 per cent of their total monthly salary every 40 to 50 days.",4
5707, An estimated 4 million children are in need of urgent need for humanitarian assistance (UNICEF). Mortality rate and levels of acute malnutrition are critical (15-30%). ,8
10906,"Nearly 30 households in Muleba District, Kagera Region have been rendered homeless after their houses were destroyed following a heavy rain and strong winds. The destroyed houses are those mostly located in Buganguzi, Kamachumu and Mubunda wards. The incident occurred on Tuesday, September 26. Apart from destroying the houses, the rain also destroyed crops, according to Buganguzi Ward Counsellor Fortunatus Mwebesa.According to him, the victims have currently found shelter in neighbours’ and relatives houses.",10
140,"The improvement in the conditions of income generation and the production of basic grains, in addition to grain prices between the average (bean) to below (maize) will allow the households that until now had Crisis (Phase 3, CIF) improved to Stress (Phase 2, CIF), to from September and at least until the end of the analysis in January 2018. These households still require several agricultural cycles with positive and seasonal results with a strong revenue generation to regain its resilience to the levels shown five years ago. In addition, there is a seasonally normal risk of a tropical cyclone event until November / December, which could alter the stage.",3
8751,On Tuesday the US Dollar began to rise against the Sudanese Pound in the parallel market. The Pound rallied remarkably following the announcement of the easing of US economic sanctions against Sudan on 13 January.,1
5120,? Access to health care in many affected areas in South Sudan remains extremely challenging due to insecurity and closure of health facilities. Over 50 % of the health facilities are non-functional.,4
11275,"Prices of wheat flour weakened in Azerbaijan, while they remained virtually unchanged in Armenia. In Uzbekistan, prices increased for the first time in the past several months, after the Government allowed the local currency to float freely (FPMA Food Policies). Prices of potatoes, another basic staple, increased in most countries of the subregion and were, in general, higher than a year earlier due to the reduced subregional 2017 output. In the Russian Federation and in Kyrgyzstan, prices increased seasonally in November and were higher than a year earlier. In Armenia, prices increased by more than 10 percent for the third consecutive month and were around 50 percent higher than in November last year, underpinned by reduced market availabilities.",3
3722,The high contamination of UXO/IEDs in Al-Bab city is one of the main challenges facing returning civilians and humanitarians trying to respond .,9
3839,Results of the recently concluded Long rains food and nutrition security assessment (LRA) indicates that approximately 3.4 million people are acutely food insecure due to the ongoing drought,3
7815,"• IDPs have reached the displacement areas after perilous routes and have been directly exposed to active hostilities inside Afrin district. Psychological distress and trauma and the related need for psycho-social support intervention has been widely reported. The need for soft PSS activities has been identified, particularly for children.",4
4562,"in Nigeria, while 1.7 million people are displaced in Borno, Adamawa and Yobe states to flee violence between armed groups and the Nigerian army. A cholera outbreak has been detected in the northeast of the country.  The conflict has damaged or destroyed 75% of water and sanitation facilities in affected areas. 6.2 million people now have an urgent need for drinking water. Contaminated water leads to the spread of the cholera outbreak. The epidemic has already affected more than 2,600 people and killed 48 in Borno state.",4
3782,"? Families’ ability to cope is strained, leading them to reduce the number of meals per day and the amount of food consumed.Some 50 percent of households have reduced the number of meals per day and more than 30 percent have restricted adults’ food consumption to prioritize children.",3
11927,Impact in Barbuda is severe as the eye of the hurricane passed five miles north of the 35 square mile island. Ninety per cent of all buildings are reported as destroyed or severely damaged. Telecommunication systems in the island are down and power supply remains off across the island. One fatality is reported.,10
10386,"As of 4 july, 24,845 measles cases, 365 of whom were confirmed. 315 deaths cfr 1.2",4
8015,"Total estimated gap for immediate WASH services (total needs minus total response): 545,938 individuals",11
1057,47 711 - 877 1.8% 325 new cases reported in week 42. Seven regions with active transmission and one reporting over 100 cases in the week under review awd,4
384," Areas where main season activities have produced below- average harvests include areas prone to flooding and conflict. In the northeast, harvests will be well-below average due to widespread insecurity and limited area cultivated. According to the NAERLS survey, production of sorghum declined by nine percent in Borno State and by three percent in Adamawa State as compared to last year, and remained well-below average and the pre-conflict period. Millet production also declined in Gombe, Jigawa, Katsina, Sokoto, Kebbi, Zamfara, and Kano, encompassing the major surplus production area for millet. Kaduna, Taraba, Plateau, and Kogi states also recorded lower millet production compared to last year. However, rice production increased in most states relative to previous year, but declined in some states in the southern areas. Aggregate production is higher than average.  ",3
8859,"Except Taiz, key food and non-food basic commodities are relatively available in other target governorates. Average prices of most food and non - food commodities in Taiz city during January 2017 showed the highest increase compared to other target governorates. This will significantly affect the physical and economic access to basic food and non-food commodities, as it is a big challenge both due to limited quantities and in some cases total unavailability of food commodities in some of the local markets. Reportedly, the prices of fuel and food commodities in Hodeidah have significantly increased because of the ongoing conflict and the sharp increase of the US dollar against the YER. The exchange rate of YER against US dollar is 350 in Sanaa compared to 315 YER/US dollar in the previous week and months.",3
4517,"Prices for the main staples, rice and maize, were unchanged in early June and below last year’s level for the same period, reflecting adequate imports. Prices for red beans, another major staple, were also stable in early June, but were significantly above their levels from a year earlier reflecting lower 2016 outpu",3
11152,"After sunset, the camps become quite dark. Aside from a few solar-powered lamps that were donated by several agencies during the initial emergency onset, the lack of lighting ripples into issues of protection, access to emergency healthcare and latrines",9
11687,"The Government’s recognition of victims is an example of the solidarity that has been shown to displaced people. At the same time, NRC is witnessing a collective failure to protect civilians in the areas that remain affected by the conflict. More than 214 people who have fled to the urban centre of Caceres are in urgent need of assistance in finding proper shelter. ",10
5205,"As of October 2017, erratic and below average rains combined with higher-than-average temperatures has caused water stress and adversely affected crop development in some areas. As of February 2018, a 70 percent rainfall deficit was reported, compared with the same time last year and to the long-term average.",11
9632,"While people like Dakouo struggle with limited funds and supplies, humanitarians fear spiralling violence will drive teachers and doctors out of central Mali, leaving aid agencies to run basic services, as is the case in the north.",2
234,"Since the beginning of Mosul operations on 17 October 2016, a total of 4483 casualties have been treated at four emergency hospitals in Erbil, Mosul and Duhok governorates. An additional half a million consultations registered in response to the needs of patients from Mosul and surrounding areas have been provided with health care services. ",4
10896,"Many hospitals and healthcare facilities were fully or partially evacuated if directly affected by the floods or exposed to landslide risk. Following the floods and landslides several facilities require reconstruction, replacement of equipment and/or relocation to a new site. ",4
7540,"Marjana, a six years-old girl at the event, said she was very happy today. “I want peace in my Afghanistan, I want to go to school and complete my learning,” she said.",2
6465,"The Mission estimates that the number of food insecure has slightly decreased since January 2017, but targeted assistance needs remain, particularly where livelihoods and housing have not been fully restored after Hurricane Matthew in late 2016.",3
7558,"Ethiopian Oromo refugees fleeing to Kenya to escape persecution say they are finding life on the streets of Nairobi no better than the insecurity they left behind, as they are targeted by bribes and harassment and forced into vast camps with few prospects or protections.The Oromo are Ethiopia’s largest ethnic group but have long complained of political and economic marginalisation at the hands of the country’s ruling party, which is dominated by a minority ethnic group, the Tigrayans.Full of “spies”Oromo refugees also reported attempts by Ethiopian officials to recruit them as informants in Nairobi’s Oromo community, promising land, protection, money, and even resettlement to the United States or elsewhere, Human Rights Watch noted.Oromo refugees have reportedly been kidnapped from Kenya and taken back to Ethiopia, and there have been similar reports from Sudan, Djibouti, Uganda, and Somaliland.Bribes, harassment, and detentionKenya has an encampment policy – refugees are supposed to stay in one of two vast refugee camps that house 489,000 people: Dadaab and Kakuma. That means those found in urban centres without proper documentation are vulnerable to extortion and intimidation by the police.",9
9666,"The Lassa fever outbreak in Nigeria has remained stable, with only sporadic cases being reported. In week 17 (week ending 29 April 2018), four new confirmed cases and one new death were reported from three states: Taraba (2 cases), Edo (1 case and 1 death) and Ondo (1 case). As of 29 April 2018, four cases were being managed in treatment centres across the country. From 1 January 2018 to 29 April 2018, there have been 1 891 suspected cases and 116 deaths (case fatality rate 6.1%) reported from 21 states. Of the suspected cases, 420 were confirmed positive, 10 were classified as probable, 1 460 tested negative (non-cases), and one result is pending. Of the 116 deaths, 106 occurred among confirmed cases and 10 in probable cases, giving a case fatality rate of 27% in the confirmed and probable group. Twenty-one states have reported at least one confirmed case of Lassa fever, coming from across 70 local government areas (LGAs). Most, 81%, of the confirmed cases came from three states: Edo (42%), Ondo (23%) and Ebonyi (16%). Fifteen states have exited the active transmission phase, while six states remain active. In week 17, no new healthcare workers were infected. Thirty-seven healthcare workers from eight states have been affected since the start of the outbreak. There were eight deaths among healthcare workers in three states. A total of 4 997 contacts have been identified from 21 states. Of these 286 (5.7%) are currently being followed up, 4 704 (94.1%) have completed 21-day follow up while seven (0.2%) were lost to follow up. Eighty-one symptomatic contacts have been identified, of which 28 (36%) have tested positive from five states.",4
615,"Considering that pre-crisis data show that only around 6% of the population appropriately treat the water before drinking8 , the lack of access to improved water sources can be considered an indication of the proportion of households using unimproved water for drinking.",11
1655,"A pharmacist in Khartoum told Radio Dabanga that people have complained about the shortages of malaria medicines, drops against blindness, and medicines that reduce cholesterol. The majority of pharmaceutical medicines “are almost non-existent in Khartoum's pharmacies”, he said. “Some patients are forced to buy them from Cairo, especially blindness drops and medicines for sight operations.” ",4
4310,"Years of violence and deprivation have taken a heavy psychological toll on East Ghoutans, residents and doctors tell Syria Direct. “With everything that Ghouta is suffering—bombs, siege, death and destruction—there are many cases like my own,” says Abu Mohammad, one of dozens of patients to receive therapy from a doctor living abroad.  It is difficult to pinpoint exactly how many of East Ghouta’s hundreds of thousands of residents are battling mental scars of the war and siege, including depression, anxiety and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Only one licensed psychiatrist works within the rebel-held pocket—and even then, a web of intra-rebel territorial disputes makes him inaccessible to thousands of East Ghoutans.",4
9917,"A total of 844 cases of meningitis C, including 52 deaths have been reported in the regions of Niamey, Dosso, Tahoua and Tillabery (Southwest of Niger). These regions are bordering Nigeria, Mali and Burkina Faso. An epidemic was declared in Nigeria last week.",4
8384,"Harvests should start to improve food security outcomes starting in October 2017. However, needs will remain high in SPLMN-controlled areas of South Kordofan and in Jebel Marra areas, particularly among IDPs. Moreover, influxes of South Sudanese refugees are expected to continue to increase humanitarian assistance needs.  upcoming lean season is april to september  and highest likely severity area is phase 3 level Crisis",3
281,"The cholera outbreak continues to spread rapidly in Yemen, and is now affecting all 22 governorates (309 out of 333 districts). As of 12 July, 320 199 suspected cases and 1742 associated deaths are reported; 7000 new suspected cases are reported daily (UN, WHO).",4
11602,"Burundian refugees: On 15th February, 197 refugees were transferred to Mulongwe site from Kavimvira transit center. To this date, the total number of refugees in Mulongwe is 1,897.? 363 new arrivals from Burundi were registered in Monge Monge Transit Center between 14th and 15th February. In total, 405 persons are currently residing at the transit center.Due to budget constraints, on 7th February World Food Programme (WFP) announced that the amount of the voucher will be reduced from 15$ to 12$ and that only one food fair will be organized for January and February. Refugees organized peaceful demonstrations against these reductions.",5
9166,"The bodies of some 74 African migrants have washed up on a beach in the western city of Zawiya, the Libyan Red Crescent said on Tuesday. Authorities said they expected the death toll to rise, as a rubber boat found nearby was capable of carrying about 120 people.",4
6899,"The Israeli military authorities are blocking access to and from the Gaza Strip for human rights workers who document abuses and advocate to end them, Human Rights Watch said in a report released today. The travel restrictions call into question the Israeli military authorities’ claim to rely on human rights organizations as an important source of information for their criminal investigations into potential serious crimes committed during the 2014 Gaza war. ",9
8676,"More than 7 million people are now at acute risk of famine. The price of food has shot up by 28 per cent since early November 2017, making it increasingly unaffordable for poor families already hit by the collapse of the economy. Clean water supplies in towns and cities have been cut due to fuel shortages, which will have serious implications given that the country is suffering the world’s largest cholera epidemic.",4
3355,December 2016 the National Emergency Management Authority (NEMA 2016) officially declared 110 soums (districts) in 13 aimags (provinces) as with dzud7 in the category of white dzud. ,5
6823,"With schools hosting nearly 30 per cent of the population and relocations to alternative sites, there is a need to properly engage with IDPs to ensure that relocations are planned,  ",2
8683,"The rising cost of the food basket in Borno State is driven by sustained increases in the prices of cowpea, peanuts, and sorghum by 24.3 percent, 30.8 percent and 37.5 percent respectively between November 2016 and April 2017. In Yobe State, the rising trend in the cost of the food basket is the result increases in the prices of local rice (21.4 percent), beans (42.4 percent), peanuts (18 percent) and palm oil (31.7 percent) between December 2016 and April 2017.",3
2805,"The major possible consequences would be expected in the areas of water for drinking, irrigation and hydro-power generation. In addition, meeting the national rice demand, controlling of the food price hikes and meeting the demand for seeds for Yala 2017 will be challenging.",3
1625,"The November/December Gu/Karan harvest is ongoing in Northwestern Agropastoral livelihood zone of Awdal and Woqooyi Galbeed and is estimated at 16,000 MT, only 34 percent of the five-year average. Poor production is a result of below-average and poorly distributed April to July Gu rainfall and June to September Karan rainfall. Despite this, the harvest is improving food access in the short-term and poor households are expected to be Stressed (IPC Phase 2) through January 2018. Food security is expected to deteriorate to Crisis (IPC Phase 3) in February after households exhaust harvests.",3
10029,"The new harvests are expected to improve food security, particularly for host and displaced populations. However, many poor households will be unable to practice any kind of agricultural or pastoral activities and will be market dependent.",3
10983,"  Identified Needs and Remaining Gaps: Work on Protection Villages in Nduta and Mtendeli is still underway. Due to inadequate funding, there is a shortage of recreational materials for children with disabilities as well as playing and learning materials for early childhood care and development (ECCD) programmes. ",1
5446,"In April, 2 incidents of embankment collapse occurred in Netrokona and Sherpur which inundated more than 15,700 hectors of agricultural land",0
3341, 120 children and 1200-1300 people in Mongolia are dying every year due to illnesses and disease caused by or exacerbated by air pollution. ,4
5170,"Some 110 people have died in southern Somalia in the last two days from famine and diarrhoea resulting from a drought, the prime minister said",4
6339,"In 2014, IOM reported that many migrants are transported in container trucks through Tanzania, Mozambique and Zambia, risking suffocation, malnutrition and abuse.79 In June 2016, Congolese authorities discovered the bodies of 19 Somali migrants who had suffocated in a Zambian-registered truck. Guards at the border between the DRC and Zambia said they had been alerted by the smell. The truck was carrying 100 migrants and asylum seekers.80",8
11835,"In Idleb 4 hospitals, 1 PHC were attacked as well as an attack on an ambulance",4
4862,"Since the beginning of 2017, there is a lack of nutritional products in several nutritional centers in Malemba-Nkulu, according to a recent mission. An average of some 520 children under 5 years old suffering from severe acute malnutrition are admitted in the ambulatory therapeutic nutrition unit of Malemba since January.",3
7684,"This flood caused huge damage to crop production. According to Ministry of Agriculture, the loss of Boro rice is estimated to be about 800,000 tons. ",0
7130,"Critical shortfalls continue to prevent the implementation of nutrition and resilience activities at the planned level. An estimated 170,000 people could not be assisted during the month.? With the start of the school year, approximately 75,000 schoolchildren, of the planned 200,000 children, will not be reached with school meals due to insufficient funding.",8
4053," Mr Vachira urged the government and responsible agencies to step up working out remedy measures not only for affected individuals, but to aid businesses and stimulate local consumption. Mr Vachira suggested the government set aside some of the additional 100 billion baht from the mid-year budget for local development of the 18 clusters of provinces to help rebuild the wrecked South and restore confidence both to investors and tourists.",0
5104,"Israel’s siege on the Gaza Strip started as soon as it was known that Hamas had won the Palestinian elections in 2006.The blockade affects all aspects of life in the impoverished Gaza Strip, but none have the life and death immediacy of the health sector, which has been devastated by Israel. Medicines, medical consumables, laboratory materials and blood banks have all been hit by the siege.",4
2763,"The government should know the world is watching. The shocking killings in the village of Ruhagarika shouldn’t be used as a pretext to target former rebels who have laid down their arms, or opposition party members. In their search for the killers, the authorities should use the minimum necessary force to apprehend them and bring them to justice, not conduct extrajudicial executions.",9
5371,"Another two Palestinian boys were killed by Israeli forces in two separate incidents near Ramallah and east of Rafah (Gaza). On 17 March, Israeli forces shot and killed a 17-year-old Palestinian boy, and injured another three boys, near a military watchtower next to Al Jalazun Refugee Camp; according to Israeli military sources, the shooting took place in response to the throwing of firebombs towards Beit El settlement, with no injuries or damage reported. On 21 March, Israeli forces fired tank shells towards an open area east of Rafah city, at approximately 300 meters from the perimeter fence, killing a 16 year old Palestinian civilian and injuring another civilian; the circumstances of the incident remain unclear.",9
3195,"The ecologically fragile area is on the brink of an environmental disaster. Cutting down trees for cooking fuel and the installation of shallow wells damages the ecosystem. Up to 86 percent of the newly installed wells are contaminated with E. coli. As a result of extreme deforestation, the threat of landslides and flash floods has increased. The onset of the summer monsoon in May with sustained heavy rainfall is likely to cause extensive landslip on the denuded slopes",11
7856,"Given the current population density and poor sanitation and hygiene conditions, any outbreak of cholera or Acute Watery Diarrhoea (AWD), which are endemic in Bangladesh, could kill thousands of people residing in temporary settlements.",11
5711,"Sri Lankan rice farmers who planted only two thirds of the usual area during the current main cultivation season face further losses of 545,000 metric tonnes of production due to the most severe drought in decades, an official estimated shows.",5
5686,"MSF identified the first hepatitis E cases five months ago and has treated 885 patients with Acute Jaundice Symptoms (AJS), with numbers increasing to an average of around 60 new cases a week. AJS, which commonly causes the yellowing of the skin and eyes, can indicate if a person has hepatitis E. Since September, 70 patients have confirmed cases of hepatitis E (HEV RDT+), 64 have been hospitalized, and 11 have died, including four pregnant women.",4
2563,"WFP Democratic Republic of Congo Country Brief, December 2016WFP cash-based transfers worth USD 15 per refugee were distributed to 22,500 Burundian refugees in Lusenda camp in South Kivu province to purchase their monthly food ration. The distribution started during the third week of November and ended in early December. ",3
9074,"The health facility in Wonduruba is no longer functional after it was looted during thefighting and medical personnel fled the area. The team observed health records and other health materials damaged and scattered on the floor, and medicines, inpatient beds, and essential equipment looted. No immunization coverage has been conducted for children in Wonduruba since insecurity increased in September 2015. Many huts were observed to have been burnt.",4
7383,"In 2017, with 10,527 suspected cholera cases reported as of 23 September - compared to over 29,231 cases in the same period in 2016 - cholera is at a reduced low level, despite an ongoing outbreak in remote Artibonite department. As Haiti has entered the high transmission season (August-Nov), efforts and extreme vigilance must be maintained to avoid spreading to high density urban areas.",4
2609,The local elders highlighted shortage of medical supplies in the region and requested an emergency assistance to be extended to the local infected people. ,4
6469,"The growing season for rainfed crops has started up in most parts of the country’s farming and agropastoral zone. The main farming activity is the planting of crops, occupying more than 78 percent of farming villages. As usual, it is a time of good livelihood opportunities for poor households earning average incomes enabling them to maintain good food security conditions, which will keep acute food insecurity at Minimal (IPC Phase 1) levels through at least January 2018 in crop-growing areas. ? However, the rains are getting off to an extremely slow start in pastoral areas, which are feeling the effects of a protracted lean season. This is creating added financial costs for maintaining livestock herds, whose poor physical condition and prices are curtailing the food access of poor households. The definitive establishment of the rains by the end of July could improve food security conditions, easing current Stressed (IPC Phase 2) levels of food insecurity down to Minimal (IPC Phase 1) levels as of August for most households in the pastoral zone. ? There were low cereal supplies on most markets in the month of June with the limited flow of imports from Nigeria due to continued restrictions and the higher prices on source markets in that country. Demand is rising in line with normal seasonal trends, fueled by needs for seeds for rainfed crops, for the Ramadan fast, and for the replenishment of the food stocks of returning transhumant pastoralists. This has sharply increased prices, driving them more than 25 percent above the five-year average on certain markets such as Maradi, Zinder, and Agadez. ? The ongoing security crisis disrupting normal market operations and major livelihoods such as fishing and the sale of peppers and livestock will prolong the current Crisis (IPC Phase 3) levels of acute food insecurity in the Diffa region through at least January 2018. There will be a continuing need for humanitarian assistance to prevent poor households from experiencing any further food consumption gaps, particularly in areas without access to humanitarian assistance.",3
7890,"As of 26 January 2018, 4,865 clinically suspected Diphtheria case-patients were reported; There have been 31 reported deaths (case-fatality proportion < 1%). • As of 25 January, 2018, there are a total of 88 laboratory-confirmed patients, 2437 probable casepatients, and 2340 clinically suspected diphtheria case-patients. • A number of partners reported increase in suspect mumps cases in the last 2 weeks. The Rohingya refugees and host communities have never been vaccinated against mumps.",4
9797,"Food insecurity levels continue to worsen and major increases in malnutrition rates were recorded, with about 4.6 million children acutely malnourished.",8
3760,"Tropical Cyclone LAN (named PAOLO in the Philippines) made landfall in Japan over Shizuoka Prefecture on 22 October evening (UTC) as a typhoon. It then moved over Chiba prefecture. Heavy rain, strong winds and storm surge affected Honshu Island, including the area of Tokyo. According to local media, at least two people have been killed and at least five have been injured in central Japan. Over the next 24 hours, the typhoon will move over open water, weakening and dissipating. Heavy rain may continue to affect Honshu and Hokkaido Islands on 23-24 October. In the Philippines, due to tropical cyclones LAN and TWENTYSIX, official reports mentioned that more than 990 houses have been damaged and over 155 100 people have been affected in the regions IX, CARAGA, ARMM.",10
7438,Aid effort continues in SolomonsProvincial governments and aid organisations are still working to provide emergency supplies and assistance to people in Solomon Islands who were affected by the 7.8 magnitude earthquake in December.,7
3779,"• 86,199 families received ES/NFIs from the NFI CP and 434 families received ES/NFIs from Partner’s pipeline, with a grand total of 86,633 families receiving NFIs Of these: • 54,448 out of 75,000 new IDP families received ES/NFIs • 16,003 out of a targeted 25,000 returnee and IDP families—who integrated into the community—received ES/NFIs • 9,166 out of a targeted 40,000 long-term vulnerable IDP families received new ES/NFIs • 6,795 flood-affected families received ES/NFIs • 44,592 families received emergency shelters (IES) • 6,641 families received transitional shelters • 1,350 out of a targeted 10,000 long-term IDP/returnees/integrated IDP families were trained on construction techniques (e.g. brick-making)",10
9108,"3,204 displaced or homeless due to floods in Alagoas  2.2 mi affected by paralyzed water supply systems in Pernambuco",10
4463,"In part because of faster inflation, automobile sales have collapsed to the lowest in more than three years. Businesses are complaining about reduced domestic demand. ",5
9864,"At week 3, cases of Acute Watery Diarrhea (AWD) were reported from Baga (Kukawa LGA) in Borno State (Nigeria), where millions of IDPS reside in camps or host communities. The outbreak rapidly expanded to other locations in Kukawa LGA, reaching Bogo and Doro. The Borno Ministry of Health has officially declared cholera in Kukawa LGA after the first Vibrio cholerae culture positive result on the 13th of February 2018 (week 7). Since this date, 502 suspected cases and 1 death were reported (CFR = 0.2%). On 127 suspected cases analyzed, 69 were confirmed by Rapid Detection Tests and 23 by positive culture.",4
8173,"The majority of the students were interviewed in exile, having fled abroad to continue their education after they were expelled or subjected to other forms of persecution in Sudan. ",9
7193,Karonga floods claim four lives Four people have died after they were swept way by flooding water in the area of Traditional Authority (T/A) Kilupula in Karonga district due to floods. ,10
6502,"Living in Madaya, I feel like I’m in a black hole trapped outside time and space. We’re so far removed from the rest of the world. No one can feel what we've felt. No one can suffer like we've suffered. Those who are outside Madaya don’t believe us when we say that people are dying of hunger here. Every single day, you’ll see people—young and old—sifting through the garbage just to find nylon bags, cardboard or trash that they can burn to stay warm. People are breaking down their own furniture just to have something to feed a fire in order to cook and stay warm.",1
10923,"DEADLY floods in Kenya have left hundreds of children separated from their families and thousands displaced by the crisis forced to illegal employment.The Kenya Red Cross said so far, a total of 534 children, including 234 girls have been identified as separated.There are also reports of youngsters being increasingly engaged in child labour in the floods-related refugee camps.According to the latest Red Cross updates, an estimated 291 171 people have been displaced, with the number expected to rise as heavy rains continue.Of these, approximately 146 170 are children, of which 42 percent are girls.About half the displaced children will require assistance to ensure their safety and psychosocial well-being.",4
2955,"Six months into the military operation to retake Mosul City from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), civilians continue to have significant humanitarian needs. These needs are most severe among displaced families, both in and out of camps, and vulnerable residents in newly accessible areas.  On 19 February, Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) resumed military operations to retake western Mosul from ISIL. The humanitarian impact has been significant. Since the new offensive began, approximately 330,000 people from west Mosul have been displaced to camps and emergency sites as of 18 April, according to the Government of Iraq.",3
1942,"The Kurdistan Region, however, is not facing a similar crisis, according to Akram Ahmed, head of the KRG’s Directorate for Dams and Reservoirs. “No, it won’t have an impact,” Ahmed told Rudaw, explaining that the drop in water levels at Mosul dam won’t affect the Kurdistan Region.  The Kurdistan Region does not depend on the dam. Duhok draws some water from the Tigris River, but above the dam.  Ahmed said the Iraqi government occasionally asks the KRG to release more water from the Kurdistan Region’s Dukan and Darbandikhan dams. The Kurdistan Region’s water problems are not a matter of supply. “There is the issue of water management, not water scarcity,” Ahmed explained, saying that people don’t realize the value of water since they receive it largely free of cost.",11
10641,"Displacement due to fierce fighting in west Mosul, Ba’aj, and Tel Afar continued, with increasing numbers of IDPs arriving with injuries incurred during their flight. More IDPs from west Mosul are using the northern bridge to cross toward Mosul Woods, rather than transiting through Hammam Al-Alil. Access to safety has somewhat improved, with stranded families reaching safe areas following persistent advocacy by humanitarian actors. ",4
2252,"Nabil said the group is receiving financial and equipment support from Iran, particularly in the western parts of the country.",9
4176,"Nigeria's presidency said on Monday it plans to negotiate for the release of 110 girls abducted from a school in the northeastern town of Dapchi last month, rather than use a military operation to free them by force. The kidnapping is one of the largest since the jihadist group Boko Haram abducted more than 270 schoolgirls from the northeastern town of Chibok in 2014. Some of the Chibok girls have been freed after what security sources say were ransom payments; around 100 are still being held. ",9
11271,"Over 30,000 drought displaced children aged between 6 to14 years in the assessed areas and IDP settlements lack schooling support. ? Approximately 860 people displaced from Xarardheere district have been living at Waaberi Primary School in Dhuusamareeb town over the past six months. ? Two formal schools and an adult learning center in Heraale town remain closed due to conflict. Some 632 school children and 80 adult education learners have not returned to Heraale which is still deserted. ? There are no education facilities in the new IDP settlements. ? Six schools in six old IDP settlements lack feeding assistance. This is impacting school attendance. ",3
11414,"The  estimated  number  of  returnees  to  eastern  Mosul  city  ranges  between  90,000  and  105,000 people, as of the end of April, amounting to at least half of those who earlier fled. UNHCR reports that over 50,000 people have left IDP camps to return to their homes in eastern Mosul  city  and  surrounds  between  the  end  of  2016  and  the  beginning  of  April  2017. Reasons  for  return  include reuniting  with  families,  employment  opportunities,  enrolling children in schools, and resuming a normal life.In  addition,  Iraqi  authorities  have  also reported that people are fleeing  to  eastern  neighbourhoods from the west of the city. Government numbers indicate that over 17,000 people fled western Mosul for the east of the city in the last week of April alone. A large proportion  of  people  fleeing  Tel  Afar  are  also  choosing  to  take  shelter  with  friends  and  family in east Mosul.As the population of eastern Mosul city grows, needs have become more complex: newly-displaced  people  require  humanitarian  assistance,  while  returning  families  and  resident  and host communities need longer-term livelihood support",3
11459,"At least nine victims were killed and 20 others injured Sunday in a suicide car bomb attack, police told Anadolu Agency. The vehicle was detonated near a police checkpoint in the Al-Halis area northeast of Baqubah, Diyala’s provincial capital. He said the local government declared a curfew in Baqubah after the attack. No group has yet claimed responsibility for the attack .",9
10801,"Harvesting of the 2017 main season crops was completed in January. According to the results of the 2017 FAO/WFP Crop and Food Security Assessment Mission, the 2017 aggregate cereal production (including first season crops harvested last July/August) is estimated at about 764 000 tonnes, 7 percent down from 2016, 14 percent below the average of the previous five years and the smallest recorded output since the start of the conflict in 2013. Despite overall favourable weather conditions, the dismal performance of the 2017 cropping season is mainly due to the impact of the conflict on plantings and agricultural operations, especially in the key-growing areas of the Greater Equatoria region and in the former Western Bahr el Ghazal State. Compared to 2016, production almost halved in the former Central Equatoria State, where the widespread insecurity resulted in an exodus of about 550 000 people in 2017, with an ensuing sharp reduction of the number of households actively engaged in farming activities. In addition to the endemic presence of common pests, Fall Armyworm (FAW) outbreaks, detected in the country for the first time in 2017, caused some damage on maize and sorghum crops in more than 20 counties.",3
6795,"The number of South Sudanese refugees is expected to increase rapidly during the coming months; around 180,000 new arrivals from South Sudan may arrive by the end of 2017. This will increase number of people in need of food. ? Watery diarrhea is expected to increase due to the start of the rainy season but with health control it may diminish to lower levels.  ",3
11548,"70 % of the affected families rely on agricultural p roduction but with tropical storm Vinta it has all b een suspended and their crops have been damaged. Fishing equipment have been taken away by flood waters.  Farming and fishing activities have been suspended, as the majority of the population still is in a state of shock with the incident and their efforts focused on retrieving their important belongings and cleaning their houses.  Affected families dependent on food aid from governm ent and the generosity of others.",5
11969,"The port of Hudaydah is the major lifeline for a country on the verge of starvation. Yemen is almost totally reliant on imported food, medicine and fuel, and up to 80 percent of all imports have historically entered the country at Hudaydah. Any attack on the port would severely disrupt the ability to import goods via this critical route, including much of the humanitarian aid and most of the commercial imports that are so urgently needed.",3
78,"Socotra: Livelihoods are greatly affected since most of the people are sailors and farmers. Many sailors lost their ships, and mudslides ran over many farms. In addition, electric power and telecommunications are down in many areas around the island.The governorate infrastructures have many problems, including damaged roads, out of service sewage system and insufficient drinking water.",11
8001,"Residents Of Damasak Appeal To Borno State Government To Build A General Hospital in the Town Residents of Damask Headquarters of Mobbar Local Government Area in Northern Borno have appealed to the Borno State Government to make functional the General Hospital in the town now that normalcy has returned.Our correspondent just back from the area reports that although normalcy has returned, electricity and telephone services are yet to be restored forcing residents to cross over to Differ in neighboring Niger Republic or travel to Gubio over 100 kilometers to make calls.  He reports that though farming activities are also gradually picking up farmers lack seeds, fertilizers insecticides and urged the State Government to make available these necessary items to enable them feed themselves.  The residents also appealed to the authorities in Niger Republic to open the road between Damasak and Diffa as many are enable to cross over and see their relatives who are taking refuge in that town.  Our correspondent reports that IDPs in that town are living among host communities ",1
633,"A total of 391 stool samples from 20 governorates have tested positive for Vibrio Cholerae, serotype Ougawa",4
6837,"Food security risks for the affected population are maintained due to the damages to the plantations and the food storage facilities, mainly in the municipalities of Baracoa, Imias, Maisi, and San Antonio del Sur",3
8062,"Overall, the 2018 Season A harvest is expected to be average, despite some production deficits in the east. With existing income-earning opportunities and a favorable Season B rainfall forecast, Minimal (IPC Phase 1) outcomes are expected to continue countrywide through September 2018. However, some poor households in Kayonza, Kirehe, and Nyagatare districts in Eastern Province may already be in Stressed (IPC Phase 2) due to below-average Season A production.",3
11068,"The current IPC analysis has counted 1.76 million people (18% of the Burundian population) in the humanitarian phase (IPC Phases 3 and 4). This reflects a slight improvement compared to the same period last year, with 3% of the population in Phase 4 in 2017, compared to 5% in 2016.  The Imbo plain is the most affected and most vulnerable to food insecurity with 35% of the population in a food crisis and 4% in the emergency phase (IPC Phase 4) in 2017 B against 14% and 6% respectively in 2016B.",3
3022,"Among those new arrivals who are considered “less vulnerable”, adoption of coping strategies affecting livelihoods such as sale of jewelry, borrowing money, spending savings, and buying food on credit, is high. Their food security status could quickly deteriorate once their coping capacity is exhausted, which makes close monitoring essential. Local host communities are among the poorest within Bangladesh and findings of the REVA show that 38 percent are vulnerable to food insecurity.",1
6421,"Militia fighters decapitated about 40 police officers after an ambush in central Democratic Republic of Congo, local officials said on Saturday, the deadliest attack on security forces since an insurgency erupted in the region last year. The Kamuina Nsapu militants struck on Friday as the police convoy drove from the city of Tshikapa in Kasai province to Kananga, the capital of Kasai-Central province, said Francois Madila Kalamba, speaker of the Kasai provincial assembly.",9
736,"In December 2016, the national average cost of a standard food basket1 (group of essential commodities) was SYP 38,624, an increase of eight percent compared to last month, 16 percent compared to six months ago and 42 percent compared to the cost last year.",3
7075,"Hostilities continuously occur in variety of forms and scale near critical civilian infrastructure. Access to clean water by millions is at stake, as power lines, supply systems and pumping stations continue to be hit. Obsolete infrastructure and lack of systematic agreements between energy and water entities on both sides of the ‘contact line’ further exacerbate the situation. The heaviest impact of these water cuts falls on the most vulnerable. A single incident of shelling of a Pumping Station of the South Donbas Water Pipeline reported on 11 June cut access to water for some 400,000 people for more than five days and indirectly affected some 700,000 people.",11
3431,"Six months into the military operation to retake Mosul City from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), civilians continue to have significant humanitarian needs. These needs are most severe among displaced families, both in and out of camps, and vulnerable residents in newly accessible areas.  On 19 February, Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) resumed military operations to retake western Mosul from ISIL. The humanitarian impact has been significant. Since the new offensive began, approximately 330,000 people from west Mosul have been displaced to camps and emergency sites as of 18 April, according to the Government of Iraq.",11
11092,"United Nations officials identified 3,664 such evictions from 2016 through the first quarter of 2018. While Lebanese municipal authorities make tepid claims that the evictions were based on housing regulation infractions, Human Rights Watch found the measures taken by these municipalities have been directed exclusively at Syrian nationals, and not Lebanese citizens or other foreign nationals.",9
4475,"Participants indicated that most women in the camp are having uncontrollable number of children because they do not practice family planning. They indicated that they are afraid of the health consequences that emanate from family planning such as; cancer, gaining weight uncontrollably as well as breeding non-stop for months among other side effects. ",4
7008,"People in the area depend on inadequate, contaminated water sources in the immediate vicinity. There are no sanitation facilities in this area of East Jebel Marra, but a couple of families were attempting to construct improvised latrines, the mission stated.  ",11
11455,"'They ask how much money you need. They pay and they go, but they do bad things with them,' he said, explaining how some men offer up to 2,000 euros ($2,114) to have sex with the boys.",9
9434,"Sector Target as indicated in humanitarian response plan is 908,979 individuals by end of Feb 2018. Current target for phase 2, shelter upgrade and site improvements is 180,000 households",10
876,"These sites are in need of several items, including cooked meals and ready-to-eat rations, hygiene kits, non-food items and adequate latrines. The situation was reported as being extremely fluid and challenging, with many IDPs still on the move, making it difficult for partners to provide assistance. Shelter and winter NFI assistance were determined to be the biggest needs.",7
8887,"On January 24, the Belarusian Ministry of Information blocked access to the independent web-resource Charter’97, which is well known in Belarus, in all parts of the country. This has been done before, during the presidential elections in 2010 and in advance of big street rallies announced by the Belarusian opposition. This case is different because the restriction is not short-term but indefinite. Rather than an action of the Belarusian KGB as before, the prohibition came from the Ministry of Information, which accused Charter’97 of “publishing prohibited information and endangering national security.” The decision also was made without any trial or legal procedure. Human-rights defenders as well as independent journalist organizations consider it an obvious attack on freedom of speech.",9
8127,"More recently, Areesha (Bahra / Shadadeh) in southern Al-Hasakeh governorate has received large numbers of displaced persons from Deir-ez-Zor. Plans have commenced for response with a variety of services, however, concerns remain regarding the freedom of movement of residents.",9
2296,"Thousands of internally displaced persons (IDPs) continue to flee west Mosul daily. About 7,500 IDPs reportedly arrived at Hammam Al-Alil screening site, 25 km south of Mosul, on 12 April. IDPs undergo a final security clearance in Hammam Al-Alil before proceeding onwards to camps or urban locations. Most of the displaced families choose to be transferred to east Mosul, where they either join relatives, rent accommodation, or occupy empty buildings. IDPs interviewed by UNHCR’s partner reported that the volatile security situation in west Mosul and the lack of services, including potable water, pushed them to leave the city. According to the government, 297,000 persons have been displaced from west Mosul since military operations to retake the west bank of the city began on 19 February.",11
3920,"Peru has experienced exceptionally heavy rain during January-March – especially in the month of March. This is linked to a coastal El Niño event, which is impacting Peru and parts of Ecuador. The province of Piura, in northwest Peru, received a record 258.2 mm in the space of 24 hours earlier in March. On March 30, it received its second highest total 147.7 mm.  More than 100 people have died, hundreds of thousands have been impacted and much infrastructure has been destroyed, according to government figures.",7
2085,"The three northeastern states show the highest vulnerability to climate change due to high level of exposure, and limited adaptive capacity and sensitivity. Despite the relative improvement of security, access to land remains limited in many local government areas, particularly in Borno State. However, IDPs, returnees and host communities are willing to farm (urban and peri-urban farming). Ongoing military operations continue to pose logistical and transport constraints, and also affects trade, including agricultural commodities. Access to water (for both irrigation and domestic use) remains a matter of concern as in certain areas communities face water shortages. Safe Access to Fuel and Energy is critical in northeastern Nigeria, which poses risks in terms of malnutrition, protection (e.g. during the collection of wood), deforestation, health risks (e.g. indoor air pollution, burns) and tensions over natural resources. The main planting season is about to begin in June in northeastern Nigeria. Missing this planting season will force many IDPs, returnees and vulnerable host communities to rely on expensive and logistically challenging food assistance well into 2019. This will also lead to rising food insecurity, lack of economic and employment opportunities, and possible harmful consequences such as increased exposure to sexual abuse and exploitation. There is an urgent need to support timely recovery and livelihoods activities which seek to address the underlying causes of the conflict, boost sustainable development and prevent aid dependency.",3
10306,"More than one million children under age 5 and some 339,000 pregnant and lactating women are now estimated to be acutely malnourished,15 with rates continuing to rise due to conflict, displacement, food insecurity, disease, and lack of access to clean water and good sanitation. SMART surveys carried out during or after the lean season in 2016 showed a significant deterioration in the nutrition situation in many areas compared to 2015. Thirty-two out of 44 SMART surveys carried out in 2016 found global acute malnutrition (GAM) rates above the emergency threshold of 15 per cent. Of these, 13 found a GAM prevalence by weight-for-height (WHZ) of more than 25 per cent. The GAM rate was above the catastrophe threshold in Gogrial West County in Warrapand Renk County in Upper Nile, (>30 per cent), and just beneath it in Abiemnhom and Rubkona in Unity (29.2 per cent GAM). Children suffering from severe acute malnutrition are nine times more likely to die than their healthy peers, while those with moderate acute malnutrition are three times more likely to die. As the South Sudan crisis enters its fourth year, an increasing number of children are at high risk of chronic malnutrition (two years or more), which leads to irreversible cognitive impairments. The conflict has severely disrupted families’ access to animal milk, which is a major source of nutrition for children in cattle-keeping and agro-pastoralist parts of the country.16 The need for milk for children was highlighted by participants in focus group discussions for the HNO in the Bor, Juba, Malakal and Bentiu PoC sites",8
6989,"Authority in South Sudan’s Lol State on Friday accused rebels linked to the country's former deputy president Riek Machar of abducting 15 youth during an attack on Diem Zuber on 9 February.Omar Isahaq, minister of information, told Radio Tamazuj that the rebels, the Sudan People's Liberation Army-In Opposition (SPLA-IO), abducted 15 civilians in the area of Diem-Zuber on Thursday evening.",9
806,"The findings of the Household Economic Approach (HEA) exercise were released in late April, revealing that almost 3 out of 4 IDPs (73 per cent) are unable to fully meet their daily kilo calorie needs (2100 kcal per day), even while engaging in negative coping strategies such as begging and prostitution. ",3
2237,"Overall, 1.73 million people are in need of health assistance as the health system has gradually deteriorated in the conflictaffected regions in northern and central Mali. Indeed, a shortage of medical staff is reported, with only three health workers per 10,000 inhabitants in 2017. Between 1 January and 20 February 2018, 109 cases of measles, including 49 confirmed, were reported in Ansongo (Gao), Bandiagara and Douentza (Mopti), and Yanfolila and Kadiolo (Sikasso).",4
9198,"Military fire against school in Eastern Afghanistan: “Education is increasingly becoming a casualty of the conflict”“Two students were tragically and needlessly killed in Laghman Province, and seven others and a teacher injured, when a mortar round struck their school. We cannot let children and schools continue to become victims of this escalating conflict,” said NRC Country Director in Afghanistan, Kate O'Rourke. “Education is increasingly becoming a casualty of the conflict.”",9
11724,"Treatment for cancer and other deadly diseases are indeed unavailable across Idlib, the opposition-held province’s spokesman Khalil told Syria Direct. He describes the aftermath of the new quota as a “huge storm,” as Idlib’s worn-down, bombed-out hospitals are “incapable of providing [seriously ill patients] with anything.”",4
9578,"The Director General at the Ministry of Health in Jonglei said they have ran out of admission space for the victims of the suspected food poisoning outbreak. The suspected food poisoning came after the community gathered over the weekend to celebrate a new storeyed building in Bor town. Anyone who consumed food or drink at the function was affected. The cause of the outbreak has not yet been established. Cases kept coming in all day on Monday in Bor Hospital, as well as the private clinics in and around the town, according to Dr. Kwai Deng. He told Eye Radio on Tuesday that the situation has improved, but the number has overwhelmed the state-run hospital: “From the beginning there were a lot of severe cases, but because they received treatment, I.V (intravenous) fluids and medication. Now they have improved,” he said. “Except that we have a problem of space; so that number is big for Bor Hospital. This is why we are suggesting to the partners to go and look for tents so that they are erected in any space in the hospital.”",4
1003,"UNHCR, the UN Refugee Agency, is alarmed at new displacement in the northern Democratic Republic of the Congo, where 7,000 Central African Republic refugees have arrived in under a week into a situation of little help and desperate need.The refugees, most of them women and children, are concentrated in the remote village of Kanzawi in DRC’s northern Bas-Uele Province. They fled violence in south-eastern Central African Republic.",1
11351,"Additionally, long-term prevention aims at improving water quality, sanitation and hygiene conditions as well as behavioral changes However, it should be noted that all activities take place in a complex emergency setting and therefore sustainable development interventions are not likely to be prioritized or even possible.",11
5858,"In Mozambique, one of our team met a mother who told him she was thinking she’d have to arrange a marriage for her 12-year-old daughter because she couldn’t provide food for her anymore.",9
5826,"In the Solomon Islands, rainfall across the islands caused temporary river flooding in parts of the capital city of Honiara. The National Emergency Operation Centre also reported that the provinces of Guadalcanal, Malaita, Western, Makira and Choiseul experienced heavy rainfall and flooding. While no major humanitarian impact was reported, authorities issued warnings for people to remain indoors and move to higher ground if necessary. The South Pacific cyclone season began in November 2016 and is forecasted to continue until April 2017.",7
8563,"Some 60 communities in low-lying locations across Gaza have been identified by the Water, Sanitation and Hygiene cluster (WASH) as being at risk of flooding, even from light rainfall. These areas are home to over 560,000 people, 15 primary health centres and 69,000 students and teachers in 65 UNRWA and public schools1 . Vulnerability is heightened by the precarious state of the infrastructure, which has undergone minimal upgrading or repair over the last decade despite rapid population growth and widespread damage from recurrent hostilities.",7
11358,"The pressure on host communities has also dramatically increased. An estimated 100,000 people in the region now live in a situation of extreme vulnerability, with insufficient food, water, and sanitation infrastructure.",11
5085,Pakistani forces have attacked a civilian population area in Buleda Balochistan. At least one person was killed and several other disappeared on Sunday.,9
4019,"As of December 2016, the regional authorities in Diffa estimated displaced people at more than 240,000 people including refugees, returnees and internally displaced people. Important humanitarian needs are identified in the sectors of food, health care, nutrition, education, shelter and non-food items, protection as well as access to water, sanitation and hygiene.",3
4362,"SARC and DoH coordination at camp level needs to be strengthened, especially in terms of referral of cases to reduce duplication of efforts. Additionally, the timeliness and acceptability of referred cases; in some cases it takes hours to get patients admitted to hospitals, after trying with many hospitals. Better coordination and the possibility of referring cases to private facilities is a key. • Fixed static clinics need to be set up, while medium/long-term plans for simple rehab or set up of pre-fab centers has to be coordinated with health sector partners. • Evening/night shifts of health care have been requested as this does currently not exist in all the IDP sites • Joint action with the MoH is required to conduct rapid assessments of all 25 public health facilities in all new accessible areas. • The lack of specialized health care for patients with “neglected” health conditions (trauma, kidney failure, amputations, chronic RH conditions, congenital defects among infants, etc.) needs to be addressed.",4
192,"Overall, 76 percent of Syrians registered as refugees with UNHCR live beneath the national poverty line and 58 percent of displaced Syrians are unable to afford the survival minimum expenditure basket.",5
5675,"Thirteen out of the total of 67 officials allegedly on the payroll of the powerful MS13 gang were high-ranking members of the police, La Prensa reported based on official information from a joint investigation by Honduras, the United States and Colombia. Among the accused are a general, two general commissioners and four sub-commissioners. The same joint investigation also alleged that dozens of police officers trafficked hundreds of firearms to the gangs between 2012 and 2016. The officers were reportedly involved in extortion, murder, bank robberies, auto theft, kidnapping and drug trafficking. The joint investigation also unearthed a network of 28 officials who would allegedly delete gang members' records and provide them with driving licenses bearing fake names for prices ranging between 10,000 and 14,000 Lempiras (equivalent to between roughly $420 and $630). ",9
11667,Global acute malnutrition: < 5% of children between 06-59 months,8
1849,"He warned that numbers at the centre could rise because AIOR were still discovering migrants around the town. He also said that it was also finding it difficult to cope with the existing numbers. “Food and water are very limited, although some provisions are being donated by the local community,” he said.",3
6770,"Remaining residents continue to rely almost exclusively on stored food. KIs reported that only a single small shop selling exclusively rice and bulgur is functioning in Hurriyeh neighbourhood. The price of a kilogram of rice is 400 SYP (0.78 USD3 ) – significantly less than the reported price of rice in previous weeks. This reduced price is reportedly due to the limited availability of both cash and customers. The shop is reportedly extremely difficult to access due to damaged and blocked roads and safety concerns both en route and at the location. No shops or markets are reportedly functioning in Nahda. • KIs reported that the primary barriers to markets reopening in the city are the lack of demand and the security situation. Further barriers reported by KIs are the lack of functioning supply routes and physical damage due to the conflict (Figure 1). • The food situation continues to deteriorate in the city with some residents reportedly starting to suffer from malnutrition. Residents have been skipping meals and reducing meal sizes in order to cope with limited access to and availability of food for months. However, KIs reported witnessing some residents exhibiting signs of suffering from malnutrition, such as shivering.4According to KIs, there are no longer any functioning bakeries in the city and bread is not available. Previously, KIs reported that bread production had been relocated to Hurriyeh following the destruction of the previous location of the bakery (in Nahda). However, the relocated bakery has reportedly also been destroyed in conflict and no fresh bread is available in the city.",3
7808,"Ministry of Health surveillance reports of 15 and 22 January show more counties reporting suspected measles outbreaks, with 36 cases reported in the week ending 15 January 2017.",4
8006,"IDPs sheltering in informal sites and host communities lack sufficient access to safe drinking water , as well as water for domestic use, the UN reports. Additional challenges include inadequate latrine maintenance and insufficient hygiene supplies for displaced populations.",11
756,"Food security needs are nearly double the five-year average in Somalia, with an estimated 2,444,000 people currently in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) and 866,000 in Emergency (IPC Phase 4). Widespread food insecurity is driven by three consecutive poor seasons that led to well below-average production and large-scale livestock losses, which have reduced household access to food and income. Sustained humanitarian assistance has prevented more extreme outcomes in many areas, though persistent drought threatens recovery of normal livelihoods, and further deterioration in food security is likely through May 2018.",3
195,"The larger share of the migrants (2600 by 7 October) including pregnant women, newborn babies and unaccompanied minors have been transferred to a hangar of the Libyan Directorate for Combatting Illegal Migration (DCIM). Most are in urgent need of food, water, medical treatment and psychological support.",3
7156,"The Emergency Food Security Assessment (EFSA) conducted by FAO, WFP and CNSA in the immediate aftermath of the hurricane revealed that 1.4 million were in need of humanitarian assistance of which 806 000 in need of urgent food aid",3
9389,"As at 12 March, 295,950 people are reported to have been affected, including 84,660 who are displaced. The number of deaths due to the storm has risen to 50 with 20 peoplemissing and 195 injured. The National Office for Disaster Risk and Management (BNGRC) and the Humanitarian Country Team (HCT) have activated the Multi-Hazard NationalContingency Plan 2016/2017.",7
8106,"Ituri provincial authorities on 18 May announced on that Joo, Kafe and Tchomia (near the Lac Albert), in the northeastern province of Ituri are affected by the avian flu. Preventive measures taken by the authorities in these areas include banning the transportation of poultry from affected areas and culling all animals who are affected or suspected of having contracted the disease. As of 18 May, the avian flu has already caused the death of 4,800 ducks and 420 hens in these localities.",4
1977,Education: Damage to infrastructure and loss of educational equipment.,2
6880,"NEEDS ANALYSIS: To reach the above-mentioned three objectives, the main requirements in the 9 camps in the KR-I are: • Continuous care and maintenance for all camp infrastructure. There is an urgent need to pave the roads of Kawergosk and Qushtapa camps. • Improvement of 274 emergency shelter units in Kawergosk and 80 new improved shelters in Darashakran, Erbil. • Upgrading of the majority of shelter units in all camps. • Finding solutions for the overcrowded areas in Domiz 1 (Duhok). Initially, the camp was built in an emergency situation without any site planning. As a result, the camp is overcrowded, shelter units need improvement and upgrading, and the camp infrastructure requires improvement. Moreover, in Kawergosk, Erbil, some 500 families live under the minimum standard space per person.",10
9664,"efugees search for jobs outside the camp. In response, they said that as refugees, they are not allowed to work outside the camp. They said that they cannot even go outside to do any business as are required to leave all their cards behind, even the cards they use for receiving rations. They reported that it would be very difficult for them to go out and search for jobs outside the camp as they only get a single day to stay outside the camp. They indicated that the only job available to them would be food distribution in the camps but that’s even done by Malawians. They complained that all construction jobs are done by Malawians in the camp. They said that there are many doctors, teachers et cetera but that they are idle as they do not have real opportunities to work.",3
10130,"To date, there is a total of 10,330 damaged houses in Region CARAGA; of which, 555 are totally damaged, while 9,775 are partially damaged. A magnitude 5.9 earthquake, which is an aftershock of the magnitude 6.7 earthquake, took place on 05 March 2017, 8:08 AM. This resulted to some partially-damaged houses to be totally-damaged, and further increased the number of damaged houses. ",10
10656,"On the morning of February 19, a fierce bombardment began in civilian areas of eastern Ghouta, with at least 72 airstrikes. 97 civilians have been killed and over 500 wounded in 24 hours and the number is set to climb, as many may still be buried under the rubble. Five hospitals were bombed and put out of service and all area hospitals are out of service due to the attacks. ",4
10582,"At least three people were killed when a suicide bomber blew himself up while attempting to enter a cricket stadium in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.",9
9898,A woman and a child were killed when the roof of their house collapsed in Balochistan's remote district of Sherani. The local tribesmen retrieved the dead bodies on their own.,10
2656,"As the Syrian government attempts to procure medication for cancer patients in its state-run hospital, patients are worried that persistent medicine shortages mean their illness is a certain death sentence. ",4
9027,"The struggling medical system has to deal with an influx of people who have not been vaccinated, and whose health status is as low as their desperation is high. It also has to manage health operations for the population. The increase in medical waste that has to be managed has its own environmental footprint, which in turn presents public health risks of the population at large if it is not properly managed.  ",4
6442,400g per person per month of cereals in January 2017 for PDS,3
197,"The course, implemented in cooperation with Denel Land Systems (MECHEM), included an emergency medical trauma response training component, aimed to help clearance teams to respond to life-threatening injuries that may occur in the line of duty. In addition to training, participants received trauma response equipment and, after their return to Libya, EOD kits including the tools needed to safely carry out their tasks.",4
244,"o 19 suspected cases of Cholera were reported from two LGAs in Borno State). None was laboratory confirmed and one death was recorded  o 11 suspected cases of Lassa fever were reported from six LGAs in (six States: Bauchi – 1, Edo – 3, Kogi – 1, Ogun – 1, Oyo – 1 & Plateau -4). One was laboratory confirmed (Plateau) and one death was recorded.   o There were 12 suspected cases of Cerebrospinal Meningitis (CSM) reported from seven LGAs in six States (Delta – 1, Enugu – 1, FCT – 3, Katsina – 4, Ondo - 1 and Plateau - 2). Of these, none was laboratory confirmed and no death was recorded. Ongoing surveillance for CSM has been intensified in all the 26 States in the Nigeria meningitis belt.   o There were 397 suspected cases of Measles reported from 32 States. None was laboratory confirmed and four deaths were recorded.",4
934,"Three suspected cases of the dreaded Monkey Pox have been reported in Rivers State.This is according to the Commissioner for Health in Rivers state, Professor Princewill Chike, who disclosed this to newsmen in Port Harcourt.Professor Chike said the state government is watching the victims even as they have been placed under surveillance. Professor Pincewill Chike said the suspects are identified in Rumuolumeni, Eneka and Rumoimoi all in Obio/Akpor local government area, noting that the ministry have deployed every means to prevent the spread of the disease.",4
6299,"The latest Civilian Impact Report released by the UNHCR-led Protection Cluster, reported a 21% decrease in incidents during February and March with 252 recorded incidents, compared to the previous reporting period. Yemen’s northern governorate of Sa’ada continues to bear the brunt of hostilities, recording the highest number of incidents, 141, which was more than twice as many as the next highest, Hudaydah, where 65 incidents were recorded. As a result of this decrease in incidents, there was a corresponding fall in the number of civilian casualties, which reduced from 818 to 439, a 46% decrease. Alarmingly, the percentage of civilian casualties that were children or women more than doubled from 16% to 36% in the two month period, although the overall number of civilian casualties decreased. UNHCR continues to respond to the needs of communities impacted by hostilities.",9
7775,"Detention updates from the North Coast • During the months of January and February, no new arrests for attempting departure from the North Coast were recorded. In the first two months of the year, 22 detainees (17 Eritrean, 1 Somali, 1 Syrian, 1 Yemeni and 2 Sudanese) were deported; leaving 36 people known to UNHCR (14 of them minors from Eritrea, Ethiopia and Sudan) still detained on the North Coast.",9
3915,"rTwo people have died in Wajir County in a suspected Rift Valley fever (RVF) outbreak which has been partly blamed on the heavy rains experienced in the county in the last few weeks.Rift Valley Fever is a a viral disease that primary affects animals but can also infect humans and eventually result to death.The disease which is mosquito-borne has been reported in Lakoley and Basir areas in Eldas sub-county.Dozens of livestock have also been reported to have died due to the outbreak.Wajir chief health officer, Noor Sheikh Mohamed said that although the victims showed symptoms of RVF, they had sent samples of their blood to the Kenya Medical Research Institute (Kemri) for further tests in order to determine if indeed it is RVF.Wajir County is among the 17 counties that were earlier reported to be at a risk of RVF outbreak.",4
3735,"Following the sharp currency depreciation in early November 2016, the annual food and beverage inflation rate gradually increased from 13.8 percent in October 2016 to almost 42 percent in March 2017. The general inflation rate in March 2017 reached 32.5 percent, the highest level in the last 30 years. Reports indicate that a large share of Egyptians, once well-off, now struggle to cope in a collapsing economy and survive on handouts. The Egyptian Food Bank, one of the largest aid organizations feeding the hungry, increased handouts by one-fifth and launched a programme to support middle-class families falling into poverty. Responding to the high inflation rates and in preparation for Ramadan, the Government is considering increasing food subsidies to poorer families. Around 70 million of the country’s 92 million people benefit from a subsidy card programme which entitles them to EGP 21 (USD 1.16) worth of goods monthly in addition to five loaves of bread per day.",1
5742,"90 baladiyas reported that between 80-100% of public schools in the baladiya were operational. Five schools reported that between 61% and 80% of schools were operational with two reporting that between 41% and 60% of schools were operational (Al Aziziya and Derna). 96% of mantikas (regions) reported that the majority of students were attending schools regularly within the respective baladiyas. The remaining 4% of mantikas reported irregular attendance of students in Ubari, Derna, Sirt and Aljfara.",2
9035,"Fodder availability is currently inadequate in desert areas of Umerkot and Sanghar and with depleting grazing areas for livestock, fodder availability could be a matter of concern for the livestock in next few months.",5
1851,"Urgent nutrition needs have been prioritized for children aged under five (including infants), pregnant and lactating women and adolescent girls. An estimated 564,000 people are in urgent need of nutrition services. Among them, 16,695 children under 59 months need treatment for Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM); 198,868 children aged 6-59 months need Vitamin A supplementation; 50,780 pregnant and lactating women (PLW) need counselling on infant and young child feeding practices in emergencies.",8
708,"According to data from a rapid assessment conducted by Rwanda Red Cross staff and volunteers, it is estimated that 5,850 people from 1,170 households have been affected by heavy winds and out of them 640 families are now homeless and classified as most vulnerable. The disaster caused three deaths and 24 people were injured. The affected families are currently accommodated in the nearby communities after their homes were damaged and a variety of household materials, shelters and clothing destroyed, leaving the affected population without basic necessities and means. Household bedding materials were also destroyed, creating the need for blankets, sleeping mats and other essential Non-Food items (NFIs). It has been reported that an estimated of 1,024 hectares of mixed crops (including banana trees and cassava plants) were destroyed, and household food stocks were completely damaged. As a result, a lack of access to food stuffs presents a situation that may result in short term food insecurity, especially for chronically ill people, the elderly, female-headed households, lactating mothers and under-five children, pregnant women, and single DREF Emergency Plan of Action (EPoA) Rwanda Storm & Heavy Winds Page | 2 parents. Furthermore, latrines and other sanitation infrastructure were also destroyed, increasing the risk of diseases outbreak, particularly during the current rainy season.",4
3450,"Since the beginning of 2017 and as 1 April, Sri Lanka has reported around 26 000 cases, including 53 deaths, which is higher than during the same period in 2016 (less than 14 000 cases reported). In 2017, nearly 50% of the cases were reported from the Western Province.",4
3501,"Kajiado County. Failure of rainfall for last two consecutive seasons severely affected productive sectors in many wasys. ? Pasture has depleted in all livelihoods. Cattle which is the main source of income for pastoralists had poor body condition and was fetching very low prices. Traditional coping mechanism mainly migration to the neighbouring counties was not working as these counties were also affected by the drought. Consequently cases of drought-related mortalities have been reported. ? Households in pastoral livelihood were therefore faced with food insecurity due to their inability to purchase food stuffs coupled with poor livestock productivity such as insignificant milk production. ? In mixed farming livelihoods, households food security was threated by lack of stock following premature loss of crops. ? Malnutrition among under-fives remained increasingly high whch was a further manifestation of household food insecurity.",3
9859,"The Secretary-General’s report noted a drop in human rights violations and abuses, which was an improvement from previous reporting periods, he said, adding that those cases largely involved armed terrorist groups",9
11293,"In 2017, Cyclone Mora brought strong winds and heavy rains in Myanmar, destroying over 16,000 houses in Rakhine and Chin states and Ayeyarwady Region. Rakhine was the most affected state and, in addition to the houses that were destroyed, over 60 per cent of the temporary shelters in IDP camps were damaged or destroyed. During the 2017 monsoon season, Myanmar experienced heavy flooding in 13 of the country’s States and Regions (the Union Territory consists of 14 States and Regions). According to the Relief and Resettlement Department (RRD), the cumulative number of people who were temporarily displaced/evacuated in flood- 12 Impact of the crisis affected areas was over 320,000. At least eight people were killed due to flooding. RRD, state and regional governments, the Myanmar Military and the Myanmar Red Cross Society (MRCS), as well as local and international non-governmental organizations, assisted in the humanitarian response to the floods, providing food, drinking water, shelter materials, hygiene kits and other relief items to displaced and other affected people.",10
9016,The urgency is even stronger as not all children have returned in the schools that have opened. A risk of clashes between students and people displaced in schools remains high appealing to an urgent relocation of families in order to carry out the sanitation and rehabilitation of schools.,10
10510,The school offers its services to around 200 children from Khan al-Ahmar and surrounding Bedouin communities.,2
7457,"It hit eight homes at around 3:00 am, said Sheema Ayub Khan, a spokeswoman for the Disaster Management Authority in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. ",10
11195,"The government’s registration and documentation capacity remains limited, delays to obtain documentation for new asylum seekers extend to between 5-6 months. Daily long queues and waiting periods are increasing in front of the Peruvian Special Commission for Refugees (CEPR) premises in Lima. With support of UNHCR, the CEPR has expanded its assistance area, obtained more equipment and contracted new staff, hence registration capacity is expected to increase. UNHCR is also coordinating with the CEPR to implement an improved registration process.",9
9951, Niger continues to face critical humanitarian needs caused by the consequences of Boko Haram-related violence in the Diffa region and the high level of vulnerability of people affected by recurrent food insecurity and malnutrition crises as well as seasonal floods and epidemics. ,7
8802,The death toll of the Kijiji slum fire rose to five after rescuers pulled another body from the debris on Wednesday. ,10
4805,"Due to food scarcity, many people reported eating only one meal a day and resorting to the collection of wild yams for their survival. The community planted groundnuts, but they dried out before harvest time. Access to farm tools and seeds is limited. Reportedly, some people are selling charcoal, firewood or grass to buy food items from the local markets.",3
307,A consultative meeting with the leaders of the Orthodox Church was convened to jointly address the emerging exposure issues responsible for the recent upsurge in AWD cases and strengthen preventive measures,4
8098,"“The combination of drought, disease and displacement are deadly for children, and we need to do far more, and faster, to save lives,” Steven Lauwerier, UNICEF Somalia Representative.",4
6375,"On Tuesday, it said in a tweet [in Spanish] that 80% of bakeries had 'zero inventory', while the remaining bakeries had only received 10% of the monthly supplies'. 'When there's flour, we sell bread, but they only send it every 15 or 20 days,' a worker in a Caracas bakery told the Agence France Press news agency. 'We are given 20 sacks and normally we'd need eight a day,' he said.According to Fevipan, government imports of wheat this year so far have fallen far short of the amount needed to guarantee an adequate supply of flour.",3
2301,"Oaxaca and Chiapas reported a total of 121,000 partially and totally damaged houses, with the government providing a maximum compensation of 120,000 Mexican pesos (US$7,000), 20% of which is foreseen for construction labour and 80% for material. Soft loans of up to 100,000 pesos (US$6,000) will also be provided for the purposes of reconstruction. Rental subsidies of 3,000 pesos (US$176) are being provided to families affected in Mexico City and the other affected states.",10
259,"The seasonal heavy continuous rains in the Malaysia since 23rd January 2017 have caused flooding in six states, namely, Johor, Kelantan, Pahang, Perak, Selangor and Sabah. 4,207 families have been evacuated to evacuation centres. The worst hit states are Johor and Pahang where waters have rose up to 1.5 metres in certain areas. More rains are expected this weekend putting these states in risk over heavy flooding.",7
9314,"The trend in the number of cholera cases reported in the past four weeks has been on the decline, with only 102 cases reported in the first week of August compared to 219 cases in the first week of July. Active transmission is currently ongoing in Eastern Equatoria (Kapoeta South, Kapoeta East and Kapoeta North), Warrap (Tonj East), Lakes (Yirol East and Yirol West), Jonglei (Nyirol, Ayod and Duk) and Central Equatoria (Juba). As of 20 August 2017, 15,882 cholera cases and 274 cholera-related deaths have been reported, with a case fatality rate of 1.7 per cent. Since the beginning of the current outbreak in June 2016, South Sudan has seen more than 19,846 cases of cholera and 355 deaths. Six new cases of measles were reported in August, with total of 1,025 measles cases and 24 deaths recoded in 2017 (case fatality rate at 2.3 per cent).",4
11264,"The resurgence of cases in Kigoma, Manyara, Dodoma, Mbeya and Dar es Salaam regions, and Ruvuma and Rukwa regions reporting cases for the first time since the beginning of the outbreak reflects the persisting risk for a cholera upsurge in many other regions. Zanzibar has reported no cases since the last case was reported on 11 July 2017, however high population movement to and from Tanzania Mainland still poses a risk of spread to Zanzibar.",4
2186,"Some 93.8 million livestock heads, the country has one of the largest herds in Africa and the sector contributes to about 18 percent of the GDP. Civil insecurity and difficult macro-economic conditions in neighbouring Nigeria have reduced the demand for livestock imports from Chad.Similarly, due to insecurity, local pastoralists face difficulties in trading across borders with other major trading partners, including Libya and the Central African Republic. Deteriorating terms of trade have negatively affected food security in most pastoral and agro-pastoral zones of the country, while the economic downturn has amplified the impact of these various factors. A pastoral crisis was declared by the Government in June 2017, due to the unusual deterioration of livestock conditions and increased mortality in pastoral areas.",0
2278,"he government has disbursed a consignment of relief food to Ishakani residents in Lamu who fled their village following an al Shabaab raid on January 14.The residents fled after the over 100 militants assembled them and forced them to listen to their radicalized summons for over an hour.Many fled to neighbouring Kiunga village around 5 kilometers away shortly after the incident.Speaking in his office on Sunday, Lamu county commissioner Gilbert Kitiyo said his office had already received over 600 bags of maize, rice and beans from the national government. The food arrived in the county late last week, shortly after the affected residents had appealed for food. Kitiyo said he had also received cartons of cooking oil and soap that will be distributed to the affected persons. He said the food distribution to the Ishakani families will begin early this week.",3
2965,"Peru has issued an emergency health decree in flood-ravaged areas of the Andean nation amidst fears of an outbreak of dengue, Zika and chikungunya following devastating floods to the northern regions of Lambayeque, Madre de Dios and Tumbes, officials reported on Wednesday (February 08).",4
25,The ghosts of the 2007-2008 post-election violence could return to haunt Kenya following a plan to air a documentary featuring testimonies of the victims.There is a name they call us: integrated IDPs. Those who did not go to the camps. Even though we were integrated the truth is that we lost our property.,10
8562,"The malaria outbreak situation in Burundi continues unabated with intense transmission causing high morbidity and mortality. The disease trend has been increasing in the past 10 weeks. In week 25 (week ending 25 June 2017), 173,355 clinical cases of malaria including 102 deaths (case fatality rate 0.06%) have been reported, compared to 170,048 cases and 61 deaths (case fatality rate 0.04%) reported in week 24. Since the beginning of 2017, 4,376,804 cases including 1,996 deaths (case fatality rate 0.05%) have been reported, as of 25 June 2017. Meanwhile, a total of 8,169,484 cases and 3,826 deaths (case fatality rate 0.05%) were registered in 2016. While the entire country is reporting a high burden of malaria, the northern, central and eastern regions are most affected. Ten out of 18 provinces in the country have attained the epidemic threshold, namely Karusi, Gitega, Muyinga, Kirundo, Kayanza, Ngozi, Bubanza, Cankuzo, Cibitoke, and Ruyigi. The 10 provinces represent 63% of the population at risk. With an incidence rate of 51.9%, malaria has been the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in Burundi.",4
6912,"On 15 January 2018, WHO was notified of a new cluster of five Lassa fever cases reported from Ebonyi State. The index case was a 15 year-old boy from Abakaliki local government area who was admitted to hospital on 28 December 2017 with fever, unconsciousness, and bleeding from the mouth and nose. He died a few days later. Four healthcare workers (HCWs) who treated the index case fell ill. Three of the infected HCWs died (on 14 January and 15 January 2018) and the fourth remains hospitalized. Samples taken from the HCWs tested positive for Lassa fever by PCR. A total of 139 contacts have been identified and are being monitored. This Lassa fever cluster is part of an ongoing outbreak. Since the resurgence of the current wave in December 2016 (week 49), a total of 1 022 suspected cases including 127 deaths (case fatality rate 12%) were reported as of 24 December 2017. During this outbreak, 19 out of 36 states have reported at least one confirmed Lassa fever case (Ogun, Bauchi, Plateau, Ebonyi, Ondo, Edo, Taraba, Nasarawa, Rivers, Kaduna, Gombre, Cross-River, Borno, Kano, Kogi, Enugu, Anambra, Lagos, and Kwara). In week 1 of 2018 (ending 7 January 2018), one confirmed case was reported from Bauchi State.",4
9716,"He said the victims, including children and women, were in dire need of humanitarian assistance, including medicines, mattresses as well as food.",4
3414,"In Tanai Township, northwestern Kachin State, some 2,000 persons from the villages of Sut Yang, Sut Ya and Awng Lawt fled to the forest beginning 11 April and are still camping rough. The local relief committee has called for urgent humanitarian access to these people. ",9
9421,"Protection PIN: 3.3 million, increased from 2.9m (0.6 in GCA, 2.2m in NGCA and 0.5 IDP)",9
3099,"The security situation in Grand’Anse has deteriorated following the arrest of senator-elect Guy Philippe, on 05 January with many demonstrations and road blocks reported and affecting humanitarian operations which were either temporally suspended or limited ",6
10031,"A car bomb on Saturday killed at least four people and critically injured a number of others at the Rakban refugee camp in Syria near the border with Jordan, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a Britain-based monitoring organisation. ",9
5200,"Decision on state of emergency comes hours after the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) reported 11,000 suspected infection cases and 184 fatalities, with the numbers growing day by day. Cholera outbreak was first registered in Yemen 18 days ago.",4
4861,"There are 180 Palestinian communities of this kind in Area C, which constitutes some 60% of the West Bank. As a rule, Israel does not authorize master plans for these communities, thereby preventing them from receiving building permits and connecting to basic infrastructure such as running water and the power grid. One justification that the state cites for its refusal is that the communities reside within “firing zones” or “nature reserves” – overlooking the fact that it was the state that had thus designated these areas when the communities were already living there.",11
8349,"VIET NAM  Thunderstorm and strong wind damaged 91 houses and hectares of agriculture areas in Tuong Duong and Quy Hop districts, Nghe An Province.",10
2039,"Children are making beds out of newspapers to keep warm, and in an effort to prepare hot meals, people are making uncontrolled fires out whatever material is available – smoke from these fires is thick black. ",9
888,"Military operations to retake Mosul reached the six-month mark this week on 16 April, with the Government of Iraq reporting that as of 16 April a total of 323,000 people were displaced from western Mosul.  The cumulative number of IDPs since the beginning of the Mosul operation on 17 October 2016 reached 484,000 people as of 16 April, according to the government. The government reports that 91,000 individuals have returned to eastern Mosul, and around 393,000 people are currently displaced as of 16 April. ",9
3322,"Those inhabitting Kabul’s Informal Settlements (KIS) live in unhealthy and severely crowded conditions, often in insecure muddy shelters, under tents or in old destroyed buildings unsuitable for habitation. As the land on which KIS form is considered to be occupied illegally or ‘unplanned for construction’ by the provincial authorities those living in KIS lack even basic public services or infrastructure, such as safe drinking water, health services or proper solid waste management. Household incomes are low as the vast majority of households rely on irregular daily labor or informal work. As a result many women and children are forced to begging and other negative coping strategies. Resulting from high levels of food insecurity (estimated at 80%) and very poor hygiene conditions.",5
7980,"“We had no time to take our belongings, and we spent three weeks travelling in the bush, carrying our children with no food,” she said.  ",7
5931,"In the southern state of Karnataka, more than 1,000 farmers killed themselves in 2015. About 90 of them were from the sugarcane-growing district of Mandya. While the data for 2016 is still unavailable, some 200 suicides had already been reported by the month of July.There is no single explanation for this wave of suicides, but there are several common elements. The growing level of personal debt is one of them.",5
772,"Critical civilian infrastructure has been damaged, including near Avdiivka, where power lines have been destroyed, disrupting water, electricity and heating supplies. Gas and electricity supplies were also reported to have been affected in Makiivka and other areas under the control of armed groups, including Irmino and parts of Donetsk.",1
5673,University of Damascus threatens to send absentee students to military recruitment office,9
6531,"Meanwhile, Iraq and Turkey are locked in talks over the latter's controversial Ilisu dam project on the Tigris, which began in 2006.",11
6512,"Inside Afrin, humanitarian assistance provided from across the border has been critical for many people.Findings from a recent needs assessment tell us that most health facilities in rural areas remain closed, many medical personnel have fled, and many schools, markets and bakeries are not functional. We are still concerned about reports that people are being prevented from leaving areas of displacement in Tal Refaat, although we hear that some may have been able to return to Afrin in recent days.",2
4291,"Even as the flow appears to have thinned, migrants crossing the United States-Mexico border are dying at a faster rate in 2017 than in past years, according to a new United Nations agency study. “Some 232 migrant fatalities have been recorded in the first seven months of 2017, an increase of 17 per cent compared with the 204 deaths recorded between January and July 2016,” said Julia Black, coordinator of the Berlin-based Missing Migrants Project (MMP) at the International Organization for Migration's (IOM) Global Migration Data Analysis Centre.",9
8221,"Cameroon: Three human rights organizations demand release of students sentenced to 10 years over Boko Haram joke Authorities in Cameroon should drop all charges and release three students each sentenced to 10 years in prison for sharing a joke via SMS about Boko Haram, Amnesty International, the Réseau des défenseurs des droits humains en Afrique centrale (REDHAC) and Nouveaux droits de l’homme (NDH) Cameroun said today.",9
3725,"Nigeria Centre for Disease ControlThe number of suspected cases in the ongoing Cholera outbreak in Kwara state rose to 1,528 (6.5% increase from the last Epi-week) in the Epi-week beginning 26th June 2017. Of the 19 samples tested, 13 were laboratory confirmed.    The age-group, 1-5 years, is the most affected with a total of 248 cases, accounting for 17% of affected cases. The total number of deaths recorded so far is 11, with a case fatality rate (CFR) of 0.7%. The number of affected Local Government Areas (LGAs) still remains four, with 52.8% of affected cases reported from Ilorin West LGA of the state.",4
2682,"Though Rukban is home to a similar population as most small Syrian cities, the camp is direly short of food, water and medical supplies.",3
6384,Central Eq: A recent UNHCR assessment in Gorom settlement concluded lack rainfall in December 2016 and January 2017 has severely affected the second season crops harvest. ,3
10402,"Although FEWS NET expects favorable agricultural production in the coming months, food security conditions in Mali deteriorated considerably between 2016 and 2017 lean seasons, according to the Cadre Harmonisé—a food security tool used throughout West Africa for the classification, analysis, and reporting of food insecurity. Between June and August 2017—the end of the pastoral lean season and the beginning of the agricultural lean season—approximately 601,000 severely food-insecure people in Mali required emergency food assistance, a 42 percent increase from the approximately 425,000 people reported in the Cadre Harmonisé 2016 analysisMore than half of the affected population was located in conflict-affected areas in the northern and central regions of the country, where frequent localized droughts and excessive flooding occur, according to the UN World Food Program (WFP). In response, USAID/FFP partner WFP is providing in-kind food assistance and food vouchers to food-insecure populations in Mali, reaching nearly 554,800 people with food assistance in July.",3
5330,"After years of displacement, refugee children and families in Turkey remain extremely vulnerable – particularly in the areas of social protection, education and child protection. According to recent assessments, nearly 67% Syrian refuges live below the poverty line and many in shelters with insufficient WASH facilities and inadequate protection against poor weather.2",9
6267,"During the week ending 3 April, there was a slight decrease in the number of AWD/Cholera cases and deaths, from 3,390 cases and 70 deaths in week 12 to 3,292 cases and 67 deaths in week 13.During the week ending 3 April, there was a slight decrease in the number of AWD/Cholera cases and deaths, from 3,390 cases and 70 deaths in week 12 to 3,292 cases and 67 deaths in week 13.",4
11041,"The blast, that occurred in the Pirkoti area leading to the Urgun district centre, also injured four other passengers of the private vehicle, including three children.",9
2670,"Yemen Conflict, poverty, and high food and fuel prices • According to the Emergency Food and Nutrition Assessment, over 17 million people are food insecure, with an increase of 3 million from the last IPC analysis of June 2016. The risk of famine declaration is high. A below-average cereal harvest was gathered in 2016 but abundant rainfall had positive effects on livestock production.",3
11640,"In the context of a massive rise in Palestinian fatalities and injuries since 30 March, the humanitarian response in Gaza is focused on providing immediate life-saving healthcare, mental health and psycho-social support for affected people, especially children, and monitoring, verifying and documenting possible protection violations. These new needs occur in the context of a pre-existing humanitarian and human rights catastrophe caused by nearly 11 years of Israeli blockade, alongside internal Palestinian political divide and a chronic energy crisis that leaves Gaza's two million inhabitants with power cuts of up to 22 hours per day, on average, and severely disrupts the provision of essential services.",4
11051,"Moreover, 639 elementary and secondary schools were either destroyed or attacked by militia in the Kasaï Central and Kasaï provinces. In some cases, teachers were directly targeted.The United Nations estimates that more than 35 000 children were affected by the attacks, occupations and closures of schools due to external threats.",2
5671,"Starting mid-June, torrential rains swept through camps, leaving the streets flooded and numbers of families homeless.  Rates of cholera infection steadily increased in North and East Darfur, Sennar, North and South Kordofan, El Gedaref, River Nile, and El Gezira. Meanwhile infections have significantly decreased in Khartoum and the White Nile states, sources reported to Radio Dabanga.",4
10185,"Severe drought is affecting the Chuquisaca, Cochabamba, Potosí, Santa Cruz and Tarija departments. Clean water is an urgent need for families and their farming – authorities estimate that 15,600 heads of cattle and 33,500 hectares of farmland are at risk. Authorities have declared a state of emergency for 51 municipalities and are mobilizing water tanks, food and cattle feed. 98,500 people affected",3
1089,30% shelters in locations at high risk of landslide or flood,10
10," Nearly 1.4 million people are estimated to be in ‘Crisis’ (IPC Phase 3) or worse between January and May 2017, up from 1.1 million in late 2016. ",3
6435,"Nine people were killed and several others injured Friday after a fire broke out at Silk camp for displaced persons in Korma area, some 50 kilometres north-west of El-Fasher, North Darfur State capital.He added the camp witnessed a similar fire break out last month and two times earlier, saying they don’t rule out that there are some hands that want to shut down the camp. In February, a fire broke out at one of the neighbourhoods in the locality of Al Lait Jar Al Nabi, northeast of El-Fasher, and destroyed more than 25 houses without causing any casualties.  Also, a fire broke out in one of the villages of Fata Barno in the locality of Kutum, North Darfur in late January destroying 25 houses completely. ",9
3114,"Kadugli town in Sudan’s South Kordofan State is experiencing an acute shortage of bread, prompting teachers to shut down Al Hamraa and Shaima primary schools for girls earlier this week.Multiple sources told Radio Tamazuj that there was widespread discontent about the flour shortage, saying long queues of people were seen seeking flour at grinding mills. They also complained about rising prices of flour at the market, saying the price of a malwa of maize flour costs 20 SDG. ",3
468,"Food security and economic vulnerability are inextricably linked. Without economic access to sufficient, safe and nutritious food, food security cannot exist. As poverty has persisted among the Syrian refugee population in Lebanon, so has food insecurity. The 2017 VASyR revealed an increase of two percentage points in food secure households compared to 2016. However, 91% of Syrian refugee households remain food insecure to some degree, and the share of households classified as moderately and severely food insecure grew from 36% to 38%.",5
1632,"Venezuela imposed electricity rationing this week in six western states, as the crisis-hit country’s creaky power grid suffered from a drought that has reduced water levels in key reservoirs needed to run hydroelectric power generators.The four-hour formal outages began on Thursday. But many residents scoffed at the announcement, wryly noting that they have been suffering far more extended blackouts during the last week.“We have spent 14 hours without electricity today. And yesterday electricity came and went: for six hours we had no power,” said Ligthia Marrero, 50, in the western state of San Cristobal, noting that her fridge had been damaged by the frequent interruptions.Crumbling infrastructure and lack of investments have hit Venezuela’s power supply for years. Now, the situation has been exacerbated by dwindling rains.",7
7589,"Over 96,200 suspected cases and 746 deaths recorded since 27 April Yemen is in the grip of a severe cholera epidemic of an unprecedented scale. In the first three weeks since 27 April, suspected cases reached over 35,000 while in the previous epidemic just over 25,000 cases were recorded in the first seven months. In the last four weeks, the number of deaths is three times higher than deaths reported from October 2016 to March 2017. On 14 May, authorities in Sana’a, which has recorded the highest resurgence in cases, declared a state of emergency given the inability of the health system to cope with the magnitude of the crisis. The rapid spread of the disease in 19 governorates is a manifestation of the dire humanitarian catastrophe in Yemen where more than half of all health facilities no longer function due to conflict. Health and sanitation workers have not been paid for over eight months, only 30 per cent of required medical supplies are being imported into the country, garbage collection in the cities is irregular, and more than eight million people lack access to safe drinking water and proper sanitation. The risk of the epidemic spreading further and affecting thousands more people is compounded by the rainy season, widespread food insecurity andmalnutrition. Malnourished children and women, people living with other chronic health conditions and households that do not have enough to eat are now at greater risk of death as they face the “triple threat” of conflict, famine and cholera, particularly in 95 mostaffected districts. At the current rate of spread, the Health Cluster is forecasting that suspected cases are likely to exceed 127,000 in the coming seven months from June",4
9174,"Magagula appealed for help from the public, stating that help in whatever form would be greatly appreciated. He stated that since it was not feasible for residents of the informal settlements around Vuvulane to erect permanent structures, the only way they could have decent shelter was to erect structures using planks and some special timber.",10
4948,"WHO is providing support to 5 Rural Hospitals; Adilla, Tulus, Gireida, Ed Dain and Kass (considering that Adilla hospital is about 50% functioning). NHC runs one rural hospital in Sheria locality, while the SMoH is fully running 5 RHs, as presented in the table above.  Most of the hospitals are providing nutrition services which are usually supported by UNICEF",4
11697,"In the host communities, 198 double-shifted schools (DSS) are operational, while in the camps, 44 schools in 16 school complexes16 provide educational services to Syrian children.",2
7996,"In Niger, the security situation remained volatile in the Diffa region, along the border with Nigeria, particularly in the departments of Bosso, Nguigmi and Diffa due to the military operations at both Lake Chad and Nigeria/Niger borders. February was also marked by new inter-community clashes in the Diffa region. Several ethnic clashes were observed in recent months. The Governor of the Diffa region is taking the necessary measures to put an end to the ethnic confrontations.",9
7230,2 million School-aged children* require emergency school feeding and learning materials assistance ,2
794,"Roof collapse incidents in Attock, Jhelum and Okara due to massive rainfall result in 3 deaths while 14 people sustained injuries.",10
5125,Access of returnees to food and household items is 83 per cent and 80 per cent respectively. Access to water (41 per cent) and health services (39 per cent) is dangerously low as the country’s infrastructure has been extremely damaged by the conflict. ,3
5924,"Nord-Kivu: 260,000 people affected. 162,000 people in need. ",10
2177,"Around 100,000 children are in the registered labor force in Turkey, Labor and Social Security Minister Mehmet Müezzino?lu has stated in response to a parliamentary question filed by main opposition Republican People’s Party (CHP) deputy Atila Sertel.  ",9
10647,"Tanzania: During week 40, 153 new cases including 1 death (CFR 0.7%) have been reported; compared to 119 cases including 2 deaths (CFR 0.4%) in week 39. New cases emerged from Tanga,Mbeya, Iringa and Songwe regions. ",4
3797,"Hepatitis E: Between 1 Aug. 2016 and 15 Oct. 2017, 1859 suspected cases, 98 confirmed and 22 deaths (1.2% CFR).Outbreaks are ongoing in the Salamat Region predominantly affecting North and South Am Timan, Amsinéné, South Am Timan, Mouraye, Foulonga and Aboudeia. Of the 64 cases occurring in pregnant women, five died (case fatality rate 7.8%) and 20 were hospitalized. Chlorination of water sources ended at the end of September 2017 because of a lack of partners and funding.",4
310,"In addition, due to the conflicts in neighboring countries, Chad hosts around 388 000 refugees, the majority of which have lived there for the last 10 years. Most of these refugees are expected to remain in Chad in 2017 where they will continue to rely on host communities and humanitarian assistance.",1
1896,"Muhamsheen (Arabic for ‘marginalized) families, especially that have been displaced from their homes, have been worst hit by the hardships that have escalated in Yemen due to continuing conflict. A recent survey by UNHCR and the Protection Cluster in Amran governorate found that many displaced muhamsheen families who are living in abandoned and unfinished buildings or in make-shift tents, are being forced out by the land owners. The families need food, non-food, WASH assistance. Pregnant and lactating women have no access to health facilities and more than 55 per cent of the children have no access to schools. Where attempts have been made to enrol children in school, admission were refused ostensibly owing to lack of space. The study found that displaced muhamsheen have been prevented from occupying collective centres despite other IDPs being allowed to do so. Further still, the local community has blocked the muhamsheen from accessing necessities including collecting water or firewood, and has resorted to detonating stun-grenades and firing weapons at night to intimidate them.",9
1319,"More than half a million people are displaced in Central African Republic as deadly sectarian violence continues.  The situation has worsened in recent months, with more than 300 people killed and 100,000 people displaced since mid-May after attacks in the impoverished country's southeast and center.",9
2212,"As of 1st October (week 39), UNICEF and partners admitted 251,008 children under 5 years suffering from severe acute malnutrition (SAM) to health facilities across the country (76.7% of the 2017 revised caseload).",8
8392,"A new Tropical Cyclone formed over the Southwestern Pacific Ocean close to Solomon islands on 2 May and started moving east-southeast as a Tropical Storm. On 3 May at 6.00 UTC it center was located approx. 480 km north-east of Sola city (Vanua Lava island, Torba province, Vanuatu) and it had max. sustained winds speed of 93 km/h (Tropical Storm).",7
487,"Elsewhere, in Pajok, Magwi County, Eastern Equatoria, at least 6,000 people have been forced to flee to Uganda and reportedly several dozen have been killed, following an attack by government forces on the town. Thousands more are thought to be sheltering in the bushes in areas surrounding the town, which was estimated to be home to up to 50,000 people.",9
202,"A majority of women said they were concerned about the future. Their children were not registered in schools because they did not know whether or not they would return back to their homes and had very low income. Men reported the lack of job opportunities as their top concern and that sending children to work was one way of coping. Almost all women interviewed listed the lack of shelter, water and health services as their top unmet need.",2
9821,"Residents on low-lying islands said several homes were flattened and crops were wiped out when the cyclone pounded their villages.We have lost all our food, our plantation. We have lost our houses and our property.",5
5696,Damages on livelihood have not yet been determined but the MDRRMO believes the storm had a great impac t on farmers and that it may take 4 to 5 months for them to recover,5
7140,"Education: ? The refugees shared that reasons for low enrolment include lack of awareness among community, child labour and quality issues such as poor infrastructure of schools, unhygienic WASH (Water Sanitation and Hygiene) conditions and lack of school supplies. ? Less enrolment of Girl's was linked to traditional beliefs and gender role of girls to engage in domestic work, rearing siblings and early marriages. Some communities prefer religious education instead. ? Duksis1 appeared in the discussions to be causing delays for the students to attend the school and also in terms of preference for religious schools. ? Corporal punishment and unprofessional behaviours of teachers came out as a main concern from children and parents. ? Access due to distance from schools especially for secondary and high school and perception about the lack of importance of only primary level school in the absence of opportunities for further education was also discussed.  ",2
8406,"Access: in 87% of locations it was reported that children had access to formal or non-formal education services. Particularly, in 82% of locations formal or non-formal education services were reachable within 30 minutes on foot.Barriers: in 42% of locations it was reported that adolescent girls encounter barriers to access educations, while 18% reported the same for adolescent boys. Social norms and values were reported to be the main reason affecting adolescent girls’ access to education in 25% of locations, and boys’ in 2%. The lack of an appropriate school program was given the same importance by KIs (12% and 11% respectively), with no significant differences between boys and girls. Finally, safety and security were reported among the main reasons preventing adolescent girls from accessing school in 3% of locations, while no KI reported the same for boys. Reversely, the need to engage in livelihoods activities was not mentioned as a main barrier for adolescent girls, while it was mentioned for boys in 1% of locations.",2
8724," Insecurity and high fuel prices affect the fish business in Bor, the capital of South Sudan’s Jonglei State. The price for fish on the market has increased sharply.",5
2194,"Impact of consecutive unfavourable rainy seasons on pastoral livelihoods • About 197 000 people are severely food insecure, down from the previous estimate, mainly concentrated in pastoral areas north of Obock city and in southeastern border areas, which were affected by consecutive unfavourable rainy seasons.",3
8337,"“We hope that Pakistan stops the attacks and that the relationship between the two countries will return to normal. If not, Afghanistan will not sit silent, but will use its internal, regional and international power in response to Pakistan’s actions,” Faramarz Tamana, Director of Strategic Studies at Ministry of Foreign Affairs said.",9
6786,"The main health issues reported are high rates of malaria and respiratory infections. In 2016 humanitarian partners reported that Acute Watery Diarrhea was a major cause of mortality, and recently there was one confirmed case of Hepatitis E",4
5981,"In Southern Chad, the arrival of new waves of refugees and returnees, who now account for 50 percent of the population in the Nya-Pendé district, place serious strain on natural resources (land, wood, water) and disrupts cattle movements. The influx of refugees from the CAR to Chad combined with the arrival of Chadian pastoralists from the north moving south to the CAR creates significant traffic jams of about two million animals and serves as a source of conflict between herders and farmers. In response, Chad closed its border in early 2014.",3
3635,"In July, a 10-year-old Venezuelan boy died of diphtheria, a disease absent from Roraima for years. Giuliana Castro, the state secretary for public security, said treating ill migrants is difficult because they lack stability, like a fixed address.",4
7831,"Out of the 850,000 people with the most acute needs, 740,000 people (87 per cent) remain without potable water. Water remains the key factor in the crisis taking place in the southern region of Madagascar, especially in Taloagnaro where the first rains have not yet fallen. Since mid-December, rain has fallen intermittently throughout Grand Sud, raising hopes that sufficient crops can be harvested by the end of March.",3
7954,"Hours before the operation to seal the outpost of Amona, Israel announced 3,000 new homes in the West Bank settlements, pressing forward with the massive surge in settlement triggered by the inauguration of Donald Trump as US president.In total, 6,000 new settlement homes have been announced since Trump’s inauguration. ",10
7125,"Criminality and corruption have spread to most sectors of society, including the healthcare system. The Pharmaceutical Federation of Venezuela estimates that the country only has 15 percent of the medical supplies it needs, but doctors can be fired for speaking openly about the crisis at public hospitals.",4
4321,"43% of boys in North Eastern Kenya have never been to school, up from 56% recorded in 2003",2
7525,"Necrotising cellulitis/fasciitis: 25 Sept - 6 Oct 2017, 2,074 suspected cases.Case numbers continue to fluctuate at lowmoderate levels. During week 39, 19 new cases were reported.",4
6210,"The Israeli army continued, for the third consecutive day, the complete isolation of sixteen Palestinian villages, northwest of occupied Jerusalem, in addition to closing various roads and continuing the state of curfew, imprisoning the villages in their homes, and causing the closure of fifty schools. The soldiers shut all roads leading to the villages, especially the “Tunnel Road” leading to Biddu village, Beit Anan – Beit Liqya road, in addition to all roads linking the villages with each other. The army also imposed curfew in the sixteen villages, imprisoning the Palestinians in their homes, and resulting in closing fifty schools, providing education for more than 4000 students.",2
1123,"Dry conditions have left 3.25 million livestock at risk of starvation, according to Food Security Cluster estimates. The reduced body conditions, as well as the collapse of the animal health services and the higher concentration of livestock in some areas, increase the probability of transboundary animal diseases.Continued dry conditions are likely to lead to damaged or lost crops during the ongoing winter grains and spring wheat seasons, potentially resulting in a reduced capacity of farmers to access inputs for summer crops and the next main wheatplanting season (autumn/winter).",0
7863,". Some worst-affected households in Warder and Korahe Zones in Somali Region are expected to be in Emergency (IPC Phase 4) and face increased acute malnutrition in the absence of assistance between June and September 2017. Meher 2016/17 harvests are estimated to be near average in most western areas of Ethiopia. However, in parts of eastern and central Oromia, northeastern SNNPR, and eastern Amhara, well below-average Meher harvests will lead to significantly reduced household food access and Crisis (IPC Phase 3) acute food insecurity between February and September 2017. ",3
6975,"ompounding the problem are the squalid conditions and extreme density in the Rohingya refugee camps, which have mushroomed in size but lack basic infrastructure.  Almost three quarters of people living in the giant refugee camp, pieced together to accommodate the new influx, live in areas with population densities of less than 15 square metres per person — far below even the bare minimum international guidelines for refugee camps: 30 to 45 square metres per person.",4
2353,"According to the Nutrition Cluster, at least 108,989 severely malnourished children under-5 were treated in therapeutic feeding program (TFP) sites across all affected areas between January and April 2017. This exceeds the projected severe acute malnutrition (SAM) caseload for the first quarter of the year (based on an annual projected caseload of 303,822 in the 2017 Humanitarian Requirements Document). Compared to the first quarter intakes from 2011 to 2017, only 2016 presented a higher intake during this period. Somali region continues to report the highest SAM rates with 6,795 new admissions in April (83 per cent reporting). Rising admissions are mainly reported in Doolo, Jarar, Shabelle and lower Fafan zones and parts of Korahe zones. Woredas most affected include, Danot and Warder of Doolo zone; Babile and Kebribeyah of Fafan zone; Gashamo and Gunagado of Jarar zone; Kebridehar, Shilabo, Dobowayn and Marsin of Korahe zone; Dolo Ado of Liben and Kelafo, Mustehil and Ferfer woredas of Shabelle zone and Moyale of Daawa zone. ",8
6860,"  KAMPALA, Uganda — An outbreak of malaria has killed over 4,000 people in Burundi so far this year, the United Nations said Wednesday, a dramatic rise over the 700 victims the government announced just two weeks ago.   There have been over 9 million cases of malaria in the East African nation since January 2016, according to the report by the U.N. humanitarian office. Burundi, one of the world’s poorest countries, has a population of about 11 million.",4
8270,"Property worth millions of Kenyan shillings was destroyed on Sunday Night, February 05, 2017, after fire burnt down Dadaab market in Garissa county.",5
11065,"Indonesian Government to immunise 70 million children against measles and rubellaThe two-year campaign will aim to reach 95% immunisation coverage in Indonesia  Yogyakarta, 1 August 2017 – The Government of Indonesia launched a national measles-rubella immunisation campaign today targeting all Indonesian children between the ages of nine months and 15 years. The campaign will aim to reach 95% immunisation coverage and thus eliminate measles and rubella in Indonesia by 2020. ",4
4226,"Ongoing conflict is another key driver of displacement (Figure 9). Of the above-mentioned individuals displaced between July and September, 45 percent were displaced due to conflict. In many southern and central regions, conflict has increased compared to last year. Inter-clan conflict in Afgoye, Merka, and Dhusamareeb has resulted in the loss of human lives and forced people to flee their homes. This in turn has resulting in the loss of assets among some households and the abandonment of fields. Insurgents and allied militias also continue implementing road blockades, restricting trade flows and humanitarian access to some southern and central regions.",5
5,"For the first six months of 2017, we encountered almost 2,000 migrants per month when our mobile teams would patrol the coastal roads in Lahj and Shabwa, said Mueller, adding that is just two governorates that we cover, and we are just one agency.",9
7847,"Since July 15, the sub-prefect of Kolofata, Mayo Sava department, in collaboration with the Cameroonian Armed Forces, has been organizing the relocation of more than 16,000 displaced persons, from the town of Kolofata to a site at the outskirts of the city. Most of these people were displaced for more than two years and were staying in public buildings, such as schools, or in host families. While food support remains the most immediate need for IDPs, access to water, latrines and sanitation, shelter and, to a lesser extent, non-food items are amongst priorities identified.",10
8690,"A strong tropical cyclone Enawo-17 in the Indian Ocean is heading towards coasts of Madagascar. It is expected to make land fall on the eastern coast of Madagascar, Tuesday 07 march and will likely cross the island and may affect several regions inland including Antananarivo. The tropical cyclone will reach a maximum wind speed of 195 km/h",10
7739,"Hicham Haddad, a leading late night host, is facing legal action after making a joke at the expense of Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman, in January. Reacting to a clip on a rival network advising the crown prince to swear off fast food for his health, Haddad suggested he should swear off 'fast politics,' instead.  It is illegal to 'defame' Lebanon's political leaders, its army and foreign leaders - a tempting threshold for comedians to cross in a country where foreign meddling is a staple of national politics. It is also illegal to insult religion.",9
11526,"Anthrax: On 9 February 2018, three cases of suspected cutaneous Anthrax were identified in a refugee camp of Arua District. Blood samples taken off the three suspected cases were transported to the Central Public Health Laboratory. On 5 Apr 2018, blood samples were tested by PCR by the Uganda Virus Research Institute. Bacillus anthracis was confirmed in one of three samples tested, by PCR.",4
5246," Afonso Dhlakama has described as “unfortunate” the lack of assistance to Mozambican refugees in Zimbabwe, and promised to raise the issue with Filipe Nyusi, the president.",1
9869,"As of December 2016, the regional authorities in Diffa estimated displaced people at more than 240,000 people including refugees, returnees and internally displaced people. Important humanitarian needs are identified in the sectors of food, health care, nutrition, education, shelter and non-food items, protection as well as access to water, sanitation and hygiene.",7
11419,"Human Rights Watch also documented serious abuses by Islamist armed groups in central Mali during the same period, including summary executions of civilians and Malian army soldiers, destruction of schools, and recruitment and use of children as soldiers. Increasing intercommunal violence near Koro, in Mopti region, has raised concerns of more widespread abuses. Human Rights Watch’s findings on these abuses will be published in a future report.",9
8718,"Diffa region:  the proportion of households with insufficient food or money to buy food decreased slightly from February to April 2017, but the use of negative coping mechanisms increased slightly due to the beginning of the lean season period, when households that have exhausted their food reserves tend to use strategies to survive. The overall proportion of households with a weak dietary diversity score increased from February to April 2017, which can also be attributed to depleted food stocks.",3
816,"In the fighting that followed, nearly 1.4 million people were displaced, among them around 850,000 children.Kasai is now in the grip of a hunger crisis caused by the displacement of subsistence farmers who cannot plant crops to feed their families.",3
10638,"The number of civilians who died of hunger in Ayod County in Pangak State, located in what is otherwise known as Pow State, has reached to at least 415, according to a local aid worker. Last month, local organizations reported that at least 300 people died of hunger in Ayod County.Speaking to Radio Tamazuj on Monday, Thomas Tut Gany, the Director of Christian Mission for Development, a local non-governmental organization, said the 415 people died of hunger in Pagiel, Tharmouth, Kandak, Padiek and Buot areas.",3
7951,"Out of the 850,000 people with the most acute needs, 740,000 people (87 per cent) remain without potable water. Water remains the key factor in the crisis taking place in the southern region of Madagascar, especially in Taloagnaro where the first rains have not yet fallen. Since mid-December, rain has fallen intermittently throughout Grand Sud, raising hopes that sufficient crops can be harvested by the end of March.",11
2318,It is not only the prices of food that has been affected. Medical workers say the health situation in the area is critical. ,3
8185,"From the above sources of livelihood, the largest (70%) sector that most women use is prostitution. They do this in exchange for money as well as for food",9
3008,"On 12 March, the Office of Education in Sebha, announced that the beginning of the second semester would be postponed for a week and that schools would be closed due to the clashes and also since a number of educational institutions are being used as IDP shelters.",10
10110,"Before the war, children were normally vaccinated in Syria. However, we are now faced with a rather widespread problem, especially in the areas controlled by the opposition where we are working. The information we have obtained after monitoring the medical condition of children displaced from areas under Islamic State (IS) control is that they have not been vaccinated, although we do not know if it is a generalized issue. MSF does not have access to areas controlled by the government of Syria, despite having requested permission. According to data from some medical authorities operating there, there are some vaccination activities. ",4
9047,An estimated 4.5 million people are in need of WASH services countrywide. ,11
11540,We started with acre upon acre of severely parched soil in Jenin. The environment was polluted by wastewater runoff as crops continued to dry up. The fields had been neglected for years and were left uncultivated during summer. This was mainly due to the scarcity of water and farmers’ lack of financial resources.,11
639,"Stable power supply required at all sites, but particularly lighting in the Kutupalong Expansion Site, is required to ensure safety at night. ? Safe and immediate access, including without fear of arrest, for seriously injured/sick persons to medical facilities. ? Regular programming for children, including access to schooling, should be resumed as soon as possible.",7
1961,"The World Health Organisation says 2,022 suspected cases of cholera and acute watery diarrhoea (AWD) were reported between 27 April and 7 May.",4
8967,"In the South, sporadic tribal conflict in Sebha continued during the data collection period, with criminality being reported as an issue of growing concern.",9
4716,"More than 650 households have been severely affected by flooding, while more than 500 houses have been destroyed and infrastructure, telecommunication lines and livelihoods were disrupted in the affected districts. ",5
5353,At least 546 people died and the lives of 2.2 million people were affected. ,1
4256," The limited WASH facilities in the refugee established settlements, put in place by WASH sector partners including UNICEF prior to the current influx, are over-stretched, with an average of 100 people per latrine. New arrivals also have limited access to bathing facilities, especially women, and urgently require WASH supplies including soap and buckets. ",11
11662,"Acute Jaundice Syndrome (AJS) • As of 24 March 2018, a total of 1 454 case of AJS were reported in EWARS, including 101 new case-patients in week 12, roughly equivalent to the previous three week mean of 104 new case-patients (88 in week 11, 131 in week 10, 93 in week 9). • Of AJS cases reported in week 12, slight more than 50% were male, and the majority of reports were for those aged greater than 5 years of age. • AJS sampling ended on the 26 March 2018.",4
354,"Over the weekend, Reuters journalists visited the still-open female section of the Ponte Galeria centre, and spoke to three Nigerian women. All have applied for asylum from behind bars.  Of the 63 women now being held in the centre, more than two thirds are awaiting asylum request responses. Twenty-seven are Nigerian, many of them victims of sex trafficking.",9
10974,"Tropical Storm Nate generated heavy rains, winds, and storm surges, causing widespread infrastructural damage, loss of property in public offices, the disruption of agricultural production and local ecosystems, one death and various injuries to humans and livestock. Due to the storm’s significant impact on the country.",3
11585,"Farming, fishing and small scale commercial activities were severely hit, depriving people of livelihoods and income.the Grand’Anse and Sud departments have seen 70 and 100 per cent of crops being destroyed. ",1
8668,"234,768 children aged 6-59 months have received vitamin A supplementation and 6,499 children aged 6-23 months of age have received micronutrient powder (MNP) supplementation. During the reporting period, we reached 273 children aged 6-23 months with micronutrient powder (MNP) supplementation.",8
5809,"Yemen Conflict, poverty, and high food and fuel prices • According to the Emergency Food and Nutrition Assessment, over 17 million people are food insecure, with an increase of 3 million from the last IPC analysis of June 2016. The risk of famine declaration is high. A below-average cereal harvest was gathered in 2016 but abundant rainfall had positive effects on livestock production.",3
9013," Trading activities in the city remained almost suspended on Saturday because of continuous rain since Friday afternoon. Factory output on the weekend plummeted by 50-80 per cent in different industrial areas, as people failed to reach workplaces due to thin public transport. Many shop owners also opted to stay at home after rain and sewage submerged roads and markets. ",6
3878,"Up to 1,600 schools can no longer be used because they are destroyed, damaged, being used to host displaced families or occupied by parties to the conflict. Some 350,000 children are unable to continue their education as a result, bringing to 2 million the total number of children out of school",2
11303,"Falling oil prices sparked rare demonstrations over the rising cost of food in Azerbaijan last year, but a police crackdown and the deployment of a Soviet-style civilian militia have snuffed out the protest movement. They spoke of mass arrests and jailings, police brutality, punitive bans on work in state institutions, and police threats of more jail terms.  ",9
10969,"Emergency measures included in a declaration of a state of emergency by President Abdelfattah al-Sissi in the aftermath of three deplorable church bombings in Egypt will do little to resolve the root causes of sectarian attacks against Copts in Egypt and are likely to lead to a further deterioration in human rights, Amnesty International said today.",9
48,"On rape, the men indicated that most cases of rape are not real, they are fake. Women lie that their husbands try to rape them so that they can get things from organizations. Girls lie that they have been raped; but when taken to hospital it is found they have not slept with many men. A middle-aged participant in the discussions said that poverty causes GBV. He said when women refuse the men sex because the men fail to provide for their families, the man is made too force himself on the woman to satisfy his sexual desire.  The discussion then turned to exchange of sex for items and money. The men said that this practice is very common in the camp, especially due to poverty. They said that some families send girls and women to search for food through sex. It was also reported that many girls enter into prostitution to buy expensive phones, clothes, shoes due to poverty. They said that girls want good things so that they can share nice selfies on the Facebook and instagram. It was reported that girls go out with older Ethiopian men as these ae the people who have money in the camp. Married women and widows also engage in prostitution because they need to provide for their households.",9
1622," It is estimated that in 2017, more than 1.9 million people will be affected by at least one crisis, including food insecurity and malnutrition, population movement, epidemics and natural disasters.",4
3732,"The Education Cluster estimates that 937 schools have been attacked or relegated to military use since the beginning of the crisis in the Kasai region 11 months ago, and 404 of these schools were confirmed destroyed in the provinces of Kasaï and Kasaï Central alone",2
11471,"The National Communication Council (NCC) warned that it would not hesitate sanctioning any media outlet going against the regulations. NCC on Friday slammed sanctions on over 15 newspapers and their publishers, reporters and FM radio programmes and their presenters. The sanctions, the second in five months were announced barely a day after the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) called on Yaoundé to abolish NCC.The regulator said it had imposed a six-month ban on the French language weekly newspaper ADES-INFOS and suspended its owner from practising journalism in the country for the same period.At least 14 other French language newspapers, including La Meteo and L’Anecdote, were also suspended.Two interactive radio programmes, the Embouteillage (Traffic) and the Investigation Sociale (Social Investigation), were also prohibited from the airwaves of Amplitude FM.",9
1482,"Similarly, the 62 suspected cholera cases reported in the Dominican Republic between EW 1 and EW 14 of 2017 represents a 73% and 91% decrease compared to the same period in 2015 and 2016. In fact, 679 suspected cases were reported in 2016 and 229 in 2015. While two deaths have been reported in 2017, 15 and 10 deaths were reported in 2016 and 2015, respectively. Overall CFR is 3.2% in 2017, 2.2% in 2016, and 4.4% in 2015. While 20 provinces (included the capital district) reported cases in 2016, only 10 provinces have reported cases in 2017.",4
1302,"At least seven more youngsters died during the past three days in the government hospitals of Tharparkar, raising the toll to 113 this year. ",4
11260,"This week between 4,300 and 10,000 people transited through Hammam Al-Alil daily from west Mosul.Families reported that the continuous fighting, shelling, airstrikes, targeting of civilians attempting to flee, and the lack of food, water, and basic services are the main reasons of forced displacement",7
1671,"There is also a need to strengthen primary health care facilities, increase mental health and psychosocial activities as well as sensitization on and responses to sexual and gender-based violence. UNHCR continues to work with partners to further strengthen these interventions.",1
1837,"Al-Assad-Hospital resumed operations at limited capacity after a temporary closure on 18 January due to fighting in the area, and media reports that the hospital had been looted by ISIL were not confirmed by sources on the ground. However, only individuals located in the western besieged enclave can access the facility, and many injuries and critical medical cases inside the eastern besieged enclave cannot be cared for adequately. At least 42 critical civilian medical cases need to be transported from Harabesh to the Al-Qusour area and from there transition to hospitals in Damascus due to the severity of their conditions. An additional 55 injured civilians in Harabesh are in urgent need of transportation to Al-Qosour and Al-Joura areas for medical care. Five Syrian government military helicopters are used to transport injured military personnel to Qamishli and Hama airports. The SARC health center in the western enclave is still functioning, but the SARC mobile clinic went out of service on 15 January because of shelling in the area. Due to insufficient medical resources and the ongoing fighting, the number of people in need of medical evacuations is expected to rise. ",4
5554,"The cumulative total from 27 April 2017 to 14 Jan 2018 is 1,035,676 suspected cholera cases and 2,244 associated deaths, (CFR 0.22%), 1100 have been confirmed by culture.-The total proportion of severe cases among the suspected cases is 16.8% - The national attack rate is 376 per 10,000. The five governorates with the highest cumulative attack rates per 10,000 remain Amran (880), Al Mahwit (836), Al Dhale’e (644), Hajjah (508) and",4
4300," Of the 5,994 government-run schools in Pakistan’s semi-autonomous tribal regions, more than 2,300 are effectively shuttered, according to statistics from the secretariat of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas, or FATA.",2
1950,"In Northern Bahr el Ghazal, a production-deficit area, it is likely poor households have already depleted household food stocks. The relaxation of the border regulations by Sudan has led to slight increases in trade flows, allowing households to sell livestock to fund cereal purchases and access some income-earning opportunities. However, food prices are well above average and many households are facing difficulty purchasing sufficient food to meet their basic needs. This area is in Crisis (IPC Phase 3).",3
7122,"Total number of suspected cases of cholera reported stands at 5180, with 61 deaths (CFR = 1.2%). 2608 cases in the Muna corridor (Jere LGA), 736 cases in Dikwa, 1727 cases in Monguno, cases in MMC and Mafa stands at 58 and 17 respectively. Guzamala (Gwaram) has recorded 33 cases all treated in Munguno CTC ? Out of the 265 samples tested using RDTs, 216 (82%) were positive while 117 (67%) of 174 samples were culture positive.",4
1043,"Large populations in Yemen continue to face Crisis (IPC Phase 3) or Emergency (IPC Phase 4) acute food insecurity, the latter of which is associated with increased acute malnutrition and an increased risk of excess mortality. IDP populations and poor households in conflict zones are likely facing the most severe outcomes.",3
9489,"Large populations in Yemen continue to face Crisis (IPC Phase 3) or Emergency (IPC Phase 4) acute food insecurity. As worst-affected households begin to exhaust their coping capacity, populations may begin to move into Catastrophe (IPC Phase 5) even in the absence of additional disruptions. In a worst-case scenario, significant declines in commercial imports below requirement levels and conflict that cuts populations off from trade and humanitarian assistance for an extended period could drive food security outcomes in line with Famine (IPC Phase 5). Large-scale humanitarian assistance continues to play an important role in reducing the severity of acute food insecurity outcomes in Yemen. In 2017, the humanitarian community reached on average nearly six million beneficiaries, and that number is increasing in 2018. Current funding for emergency food assistance in Yemen is expected to be sufficient to provide assistance at current levels only through May 2018. Yemen’s main seaports (Al Hudaydah, Salif, Aden, Al Mukalla) remain open and inflows of commercial and humanitarian imports have continued into March. However, import levels are broadly below pre-blockade levels and less than monthly food and fuel import requirements.",3
11360,"1200 union of 183 upazilas under 31 districts are affected and 8746 villages affected. Total 238843 people fully and 6536509 people partially affected, 50042 households fully and 1305257 households partially affected, 71628 houses fully and 548175 houses partially damaged. Total 121 people died. 15529 hectare fully and 562594 hectare partially agricultural land inundated, 34 fully and 3134 partially educational institution damaged, 403km of road fully and 4432.38 km of road partially damaged, 268 bridge and 96 km of embankment damaged.",0
2684,"More than 1.1 million people have been affected, including 155,000 displaced. Of the affected population, some 309,000 are boys, girls and adolescences.  • With 29 per cent of the affected population, he Department of Piura is bearing the brunt of the floods and mudslides.  • Some of the most pressing needs are related to WASH, Health, Food Security and Shelter sectors.  • Although the majority of displaced people are with host families, some 22,500 people have moved to 135 official temporary shelters in nine departments.",7
12,"“Lives and livelihoods of the entire population have been adversely affected,” said Thapa, speaking during Nepal’s universal periodic review. “Schools and hospitals have also had to bear the brunt of the current circumstances, exposing millions of children, elderly and sick persons to greater risks.”",5
7515,"Total number of suspected cholera cases and deaths reported since the inception of the outbreak in the state is 5,071 and 61 respectively (CFR = 1.2%). From the different LGAs, 2,587 cases have been reported from the Muna corridor (Jere LGA), 1,704 cases from Monguno LGA and 736 cases from Dikwa LGA. The cases reported from MMC and Mafa LGAs stands at 38 and 6 respectively. ? Out of the 255 samples tested using RDTs, 209 (82%) were positive while 117 (67%) of 174 samples cultured were positive.",4
9327,"The number of cases of Hepatitis E reported in the Diffa region has increased further from 1,113 at the end of June to 1,469 at the end of July, with a total of 38 deaths reported, and thus a lethality rate of 2.58%. Additionally, 2 cases of meningit is and 25 cases of measles were also reported during the month of July. In the camp of Sayam Forage, 22 cases were reported, showing a significant regression of 33%. This brings the total number of suspect cases reported in the camp since January to 112. The global mortality rate between January and July is 0.26% in Sayam Forage.",4
6301,"Unaccompanied children are especially vulnerable to all forms of violence, abuse and exploitation, including human trafficking. They often have no choice but to beg for food and rarely have access to physical or mental health care.",3
27,"in Sabratha, the water tanks in many hospitals have been partially or completely destroyed.",4
8872,"Oxfam in Syria warned that more than 5,000 people are now displaced because of the recent surge in fighting in Afrin. There are limited supplies of food, water and medicine.",3
1281," As of 8 March at 7.00 UTC, local media reported at least 3 deaths in Maroantsetra municipality and Mananara Nord (Analanjirofo), at least 6 injuries, and 500 people displaced in Analanjirofo. Local media also reported damaged houses and traffic disruptions.",7
9353,"About 55 100 IDPs from the 2010 earthquake continue to live in 31 camps, mainly in the metropolitan area of Port-au-Prince. Approximately 71 percent of them are women and children. They are among the most vulnerable people in the country, often threatened with eviction and lacking access to basic services, including safe water and sanitation. For instance, 10 000 IDPs located in nine camps do not have access to a toilet",11
4813,"Military operations to retake Mosul reached the six-month mark this week on 16 April, with the Government of Iraq reporting that as of 16 April a total of 323,000 people were displaced from western Mosul.  The cumulative number of IDPs since the beginning of the Mosul operation on 17 October 2016 reached 484,000 people as of 16 April, according to the government. The government reports that 91,000 individuals have returned to eastern Mosul, and around 393,000 people are currently displaced as of 16 April. ",9
9556,"In Epidemiological Week 11 2018, a total of 21 out of 21 LGAs (including 06 IDP camps) submitted their weekly reports as timeliness and completeness of reporting were 100% and 100% respectively at LGA level (target 80% timeliness, 90% completeness).  Measles: 19 cases of suspected measles reported with cumulative case count of 230 and 03 deaths. CFR is 1.3 AFP: 05 cases of AFP reported with cumulative case count of 93.  YELLOW FEVER: No case of suspected YF reported and cumulative case count is 06  CSM: 01 case of suspected CSM reported and cumulative case count is 21 with 8 deaths. CFR stands at 38.1  LASSA FEVER: No case of suspected Lassa Fever reported and cumulative case count is 03 and 03 death  MONKEY POX: 02 cases of suspected monkey pox reported and cumulative case count is 06 with 01 death. CFR is 16.7 NNT: 01 case of suspected neonatal tetanus reported and cumulative case count is 03",4
3429,ves of attacks and robberies on the outskirts of Mogadishu are causing fear and panic among hundreds of drought-displaced families camping in flimsy shelters without any protection.,10
3088,"He added that the power crisis will affect the economy of the Gaza Strip and will lead to instability in food security and a decrease in purchasing power, as well as to the shrinking of exports and the increased inclination toward more imports to fill the shortage, which will affect domestic production and the entire economic situation.",3
305,"many schoolchildren suffered the severe effects of teargas inhalation, after dozens of soldiers invaded Ya’bad town, and stormed the school while firing gas bombs and rubber-coated steel bullets. Media sources in Jenin said the soldiers fired many concussion grenades and gas bombs at the Ezzeddin Al-Qassam School, after invading its yard, while the students were behind their desks during the mid-term exams.",2
1675,"Due to unfavourable weather conditions, over 70 percent of arable land was affected by drought in the southwestern and northern districts; particularly in the Karamoja region, where sorghum and millet are predominantly grown. As a result, crop development has been poor and harvesting delayed by one month.",3
4214,Chronic malnutrition: 47.3 % of children between 6-59 months,3
1363,"The Syrian economy continues to decline at an alarming rate. Since the application of coercive measures in 2011, and the beginning of the current crisis, the total annual GDP of Syria has fallen by two thirds. Foreign currency reserves have been depleted, and international financial and other assets remain frozen. In 2010, 45 Syrian Liras were exchanged for one dollar; by 2017 the rate fell to fell to 510 liras per dollar. Inflation has dramatically increased since 2010, reaching a peak of 82.4% in 2013; the cost of food items rose eight-fold during this time. This combination of factors visited further devastation on the living conditions of the population that were already degraded by the conflict. This has hit the half of working Syrians living on fixed salaries particularly hard. The unintended consequences of unilateral coercive measures This damage to the economy has had predictable effects on the ability of Syrians to realize their economic, social and cultural rights. Syria’s human development indicators have all tumbled. There has been a staggering increase in the rate of poverty among ordinary Syrians. While there was no food insecurity prior to the outbreak of violence, by 2015 32% of Syrians were affected. At the same time unemployment rose went from 8.5% in 2010 to over 48% in 2015.",5
8873,"But this year, two farmers told Syria Direct, a new tariff imposed on produce originating in opposition-held Quneitra and Daraa produce in recent months by regime authorities at a checkpoint between government- and opposition-held territory is preventing farmers from transporting their crops across regime lines.Since March, the new tariff has reportedly been enforced at the Khirbet Ghazaleh trade checkpoint north of Daraa city, through which all produce reportedly enters government territories from opposition-held parts of Daraa and Quneitra. However, farmers are feeling the impact of the tariff most sharply with the arrival of harvest season. The halt in the flow of vegetables to regime territory means a delicate economic balance in southwestern Syria is poised to fall off course as winter approaches, severely disrupting a region reliant on agriculture.",0
5118,Suspected Al-Shabaab members kidnap two aid workers in central Somalia Two local aid workers have been kidnapped in central Somalia by suspected Al-Shabaab gunmen,6
3801,"71,529 South Sudanese refugees, most of whom are new arrivals.  103,420 Refugees from the Central African Republic.  39,499 Refugees from Burundi.  539,106 Congolese refugees in African countries  379 Rwandan refugees repatriated from DRC in 2017.",9
1265,"In her state of the region address last year, Muharukua said the region was hit by drought for seven consecutive years with more than 41 000 beneficiaries benefiting from drought relief food. ",3
3965,"From 27 April to 15 July 2017, 344 751 suspected cholera cases and 1 784 deaths (CFR: 0.5%) have been reported in 91.3% (21/23) of Yemen governorates, and 87.7% (292/333) of the districts",4
1894,"During the reporting period (30.08-13.09), a Palestinian civilian succumbed to his wounds after being previously shot by the Israeli forces.  Israeli forces also wounded 7 Palestinian civilians, including 2 children, in the West Bank and Gaza Strip. Seven of them, including the 2 children, were wounded in the West Bank, and the 3 others, were wounded in the Gaza Strip. Meanwhile, Israeli forces in the Gaza Strip continued to chase the Palestinian fishermen in the sea and to target the border areas in the Gaza Strip.",9
4071," From 17 March to 29 April 2017, a total of 167 new trauma cases were received in 3 WHO supported Trauma Stabilization Points (TSPs) located in the frontlines of west Mosul, bringing the total number of casualty cases recorded between 18 February and 29 April 2017 to 2127 trauma cases.  ? More than 100 trauma cases were referred and treated in five hospitals including Athba and Bartalla Field Hospitals, Emergency, West Emergency and Shikhan hospitals between 23 April and 30 April 2017. This brings the cumulative number of trauma patients from west Mosul treated in the 5 hospitals since 18 February to more than 4200 (87% were civilians 27% were children under the age of 15 years and 27% were female). To date, more than 8200 patients (73% civilians, 28% under the age of 15 years and 24% female) have been referred to hospitals in Mosul and neighboring Governorates. Most patients were treated for head, neck and spinal injuries caused by shrapnel and gunshot wound.",4
200,"According to our Goobjoog News reporter Farah Dubad in Sool, so far two people died from the disease in Kalabayr location and over 200 people are infected.",4
8464,"Most areas of Sudan are expected to continue facing Minimal (IPC Phase 1) or Stressed (IPC Phase 2) acute food insecurity through September 2018. However, most IDPs in SPLM-N areas of South Kordofan, IDPs in Jebel Marra in Darfur, and poor households in parts of Kassala and North Darfur affected by below-average 2017 rains are likely to continue to face Crisis (IPC Phase 3) through May 2018 due to displacement, poor production or limited agricultural opportunities, and/or very high staple food prices. Food security among IDPs in SPLM-N areas of South Kordofan is likely to deteriorate from Crisis (IPC Phase 3) to Emergency (IPC Phase 4) between June and September 2018.",3
8011,"27 Jan, in Puno, 87 people affected, shelter and school damaged, health facilities damaged, agriculture damaged and roads damaged",10
9104,"For women, the main security concern continued to be sexual violence, as has been reported by 32% of assessed settlements, followed by killing and injury (12%). Women explained that exposure to sexual violence was highest during firewood collection, during travels to General Food Distributions (FGDs) and during general looting attacks on villages by armed actors. In light of this situation, specialized psychosocial support to survivors of sexual and gender-based violence, as well as specialized clinical assistance, remains of key importance. Most likely perpetrator for all of these security concerns, as has been reported by over 80% of assessed villages, are armed groups. GFD participants described that it has become increasingly difficult to ascribe a political affiliation to many of the experienced security incidents. Especially cattle raiding, lootings and sexual violence were reportedly often undertaken by so called “youth of unknown affiliation”, who are often operating solely for self-benefit. Addressing security threats that come from groups with no political affiliation might be particularly challenging for humanitarian and human rights actors, as traditional forms of advocacy and leverage that are used with organised armed groups may not have the same effect on unorganised armed groups.",9
651,"The food security situation in Deir-ez-Zor city notably deteriorated during the siege period (December 2014 till September 2017) where ISIL surrounded the city and cut all supply routes into and out of the city. At the start of 2016, the situation reached alarming levels where reportedly wild foods and water became the only food for many households on a daily basis. In April 2016 WFP commenced food aid airdrops which become the main source of food for almost all households in the besieged area. Following the end of the siege on 17 September 2017, food accessibility remarkably improved among residents in Deir-ez-Zor city in-line with better functionality of supply routes, enhanced commercial flow to the city and increased food availability in markets, hereby reducing food prices. Mortality among new born babies and severe malnutrition cases among pregnant women and children due to lack of food, are reported to have significantly decreased compared to siege levels and many households reported access to better diets. However, the majority of the population are still unable to consume more than two meals per day. The majority of the population were reported to largely depend on starch foods such as (bread, bulgur, potato and rice) and pulses (lentil and white beans) as their daily diet, while access to fresh foods (fruits, vegetables and milk/dairy products) and meat was identified to be low by many interviewed households due to their high prices which not everyone can afford. This was also confirmed by local key informants and interviewed doctors in medical centres who reported many cases of night blindness among children, an indication of likely vitamin A deficiency. Many residents reported to have exhausted all their assets during the siege and many returnees have lost their house, income and assets during years of displacement. Among the large in need population in Deir-ez-Zor city, the population residing in the Harabish neighbourhood was reported to be the worst-off. Malnutrition cases among residents and IDPs in this neighbourhood were documented to be higher than those of returnees as the residents struggled against severe shortage of food during the siege and need longerterm support to recover. On the other hand, due to the high level of devastation in Deir-ez-Zor city, increased number of returnees and high demand on accommodation has caused rent to become very expensive as it is the only option for many returnees. As a result, the majority of returnees’ expenditure was reportedly spent on rent leaving them with little money with which to buy food. In some cases, returnees were reported to be either living in open spaces or in partially destroyed buildings under poor living conditions, putting further pressure on their food security situation especially for poor vulnerable and female households. @Um Taha: ”We returned to Deir-ez-Zor three weeks ago, we live here and we dry this bread to consume it whenever we don’t have enough food”. Food assistance and buying food from markets was reported to be the main food sources in the city while local agriculture and livestock production which used to be the main food source to the city from rural areas of Deir-ez-Zor before 2014 are now minimal and inaccessible. Access to clean drinking water was reported to be a problem in they city as water is currently only available for three days a week and is not safe for drinking.",11
1672,"10,000 new refugees from the Nuba Mountains have arrived in Pamir in Ruwang, a reporter at the scene told Radio Dabanga. The refugees that have reached the camp in the past three months mostly come from Yida, after humanitarian organisations there have scaled down food and aid activities last year.",3
2262,"We have been visiting houses where six or more displaced people are living in very cramped conditions. In such settings there are no ways to properly isolate cases, and it creates the perfect conditions for diphtheria to spread",4
350,"Health and educa ? on facili ? es are lacking. Only few pupils a ? end school, with some children being involved in ca ? le herding, whilst others have joined armed groups. Most of the popula ? on including IDPs fetch drinking water from boreholes and contaminated water sources including stagnant ponds. Poor sanita ? on is further exacerbated by the lack of latrines and the popula ? on prac ? cing open defeca ? on. In Pathai Centre there is a mobile clinic operated by MSF which is accessible for the community four ? mes a month. The clinic also covers the nearest bomas including Modit, Pabuong, Turgay and Pulchuol. In the absence of other health facili ? es in Pathai people with healthcare needs are reported to use local herbs in consulta ? on with local healers.",4
3960,"With very few livelihood assets, limited livelihood opportunities and poor living conditions, IDPs across Somalia remain extremely vulnerable. A majority of them are acutely food insecure. In some IDP settlements such as Baidoa and Mogadishu, where there has been a recent and large-scale influx (new arrivals), food security and nutrition outcomes have continued to deteriorate. IDPs in the main settlements have also been affected by rising food prices and cost of living in urban areas.",3
2416,"Burundi is facing a socio-economic crisis and a notable increase in food insecurity. The high population density is contributing to competition and disputes over scarce natural resources. Due to the demand for land, the poorest and most vulnerable populations, who are mainly women, generally depend on marginal lands and lack the capacity to cope with severe shocks such as droughts, epidemics and floods, which often claim lives and undermine livelihoods. Domestic food production is insufficient to meet the needs of the population, which renders the country vulnerable to economic shocks and fluctuating agricultural prices. Malnutrition is a major concern. While the findings of the 2014 Comprehensive Food Security and Vulnerability Analysis (CFSVA) show some improvement, the food security and nutrition indicators remain alarming. The average national stunting prevalence is very high at 50 percent, and most provinces in the north and east of the country suffer from even higher rates ranging between 50 and 60 percent.",8
6585,"The pest that’s ravaged crops from Ghana to South Africa since arriving on the continent from the Americas last year has destroyed corn, sorghum and pasture in South Sudan, according to Felix Dzvurumi, the head of the FAO’s agriculture department in the country. The government and the United Nations agency are seeking $1 million from donors to investigate the effects of the South Sudanese outbreak that started in June, he said.",3
11220,"Pakistani authorities said Monday they have arrested 22 people involved in the lynching of a university student who was accused of blasphemy and detained a teenage woman who had been recruited by the Islamic State group for a foiled attack on a church.The 16 students and six university employees are believed to have incited or taken part in the mob that killed 23-year-old Mohammad Mashal Khan, provincial police chief Salahuddin Mehsud said. The student was beaten and shot to death at a university in the northwestern city of Mardan on Thursday.",9
215,"The Council of Europe’s anti-torture committee has stated that the Turkish authorities have not given permission for a report on Turkey to be published.  According to the European Committee for the Prevention of Torture and Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (CPT), its findings from visits to prisons in Turkey in 2016 will not be published because of the lack of government approval.  ",9
11343,"The health and safety of more than 520,000 Rohingya children living in overcrowded camps and informal settlements in Bangladesh is likely to be put at even greater risk ahead of upcoming cyclone and monsoon seasons, UNICEF warned today.'As we get closer to the cyclone and monsoon seasons, what is already a dire humanitarian situation risks becoming a catastrophe. Hundreds of thousands of children are already living in horrific conditions, and they will face an even greater risk of disease, flooding, landslides and further displacement,' said Edouard Beigbeder, UNICEF Representative in Bangladesh. 'Unsafe water, inadequate sanitation and poor hygiene conditions can lead to cholera outbreaks and to Hepatitis E, a deadly disease for pregnant women and their babies, while standing water pools can attract malaria-carrying mosquitos. Keeping children safe from disease must be an absolute priority,' Beigbeder added.In addition to the increased threat of disease outbreaks, the cyclone season brings an increased risk of flooding and landslides, a direct risk to children's lives. Even a moderate storm could have a devastating impact, with little time to prepare ahead of the start of the cyclone season in march.Tropical cyclones generally strike Bangladesh in two seasons, March through July and September through December, with the greatest number of storms arriving in May and October. In May last year, Cyclone Mora barreled through the region, destroying approximately one quarter of the makeshift shelters in Rohingya refugee camps and causing widespread damage. In addition, the regular monsoon rains starting in June could bring devastating landslides and floods. There is a serious risk that shelters, water systems, latrines and other infrastructure could be severely damaged in storms or floods.",9
68,"A report found that staff at Mexico's National Migration Institute (INM) abused and even tortured migrants held in detention centers across the country, a finding the organization disputed on Thursday.INM commissioned the report, which was conducted by human rights works and others from outside the government agency. It was not clear why the agency commissioned the report but Mexico's migration officers have long been accused of corruption, shaking down migrants and even working with organized criminals involved in human smuggling rings.",9
5343,"An estimated 175,000 people have no access to safe potable water due to contamination of wells and water-sources, with indications that water-borne diseases such as diarrhoea are on the rise. ",4
8652,"For many people, being sent back to the country they came from is not an option and criminal networks are their only alternative to be able to find refuge and a better life in Europe. These networks, which Europe claims to be dismantling, have a monopoly on organising the movements of very vulnerable people, who have no other alternative. Why are Eritreans—90 per cent of whose asylum claims are accepted in Europe—obliged to embark on such hazardous and arduous journeys? Doing everything to retain or return to Libya people seeking to flee just leads to even more suffering.  ",9
1063,"however, very severe deficits by location. On the other hand, production prospects of cash crops show above-average harvests, following the supposed increase in the area of rent. This situation is linked to the uncertainties of the beginning of campaign which would have led to the reconversion of certain cereal areas.At the beginning of the harvest, staple food prices are still above the five-year average. However, households mainly provide food from their own production and their incomes, judged medium to high to medium, which are derived from the sale of the annuity products should promote their access to a normal consumption. This would allow them to be classified as Minimum Acute Food Insecurity (IPC Phase 1) until May except that poor and very poor households in ZOME 8 in the north of the country who will be in Stress (Phase 2 of the CPI).So, at national level, consumer prices are rising compared to the five-year average: 6 percent for the maize, 18 percent for millet and 12 percent for sorghum. In the Sahel region in particular, millet which is the staple records price increases compared to the average quinquennial: 16 per cent in Djibo, 13 per cent in Dori, 20 per cent in Sebba and in Gorom-Gorom. Similarly, in the areas of high production, prices are rising compared to the five-year average: 9 percent for maize, 16 percent for millet and 11 percent for sorghum.",3
6273,"25,193 IPC Phase 3, 983,454 Phase 2, 5,419,920 IPC Phase 1 from March to May 2017. Projection 92,290 from June to August.",3
5824,"In Sana’a hub, There has been increased vulnerability among the host community in Amran Governorate leading to hostility against IDPs as humanitarian assistance mainly targets IDPs. This represents a protection risk for IDPs relating to access to basic services and social interaction with the host community. The new landlord in Al-Maardh IDP hosting site in Raydah district, hosting some marginalized Muhamasheen families, has requested them to vacate his land. The local authorities and NAMCHA representatives and other stakeholders are working together to find solutions as this is becoming a worrying trend.",9
9575,"A side effect of this displacement is people living in squalid conditions and being forced to drink unclean water. This has resulted in over 71,000 cases of cholera or acute watery diarrhea in 2017, resulting in nearly 1,100 deaths.",4
9793,"By the end of November 2017, the approval rate for permit applications by Palestinian patients to travel via Erez was 54 per cent, down from 62 per cent in 2016. This is the lowest approval rate since 2006 when the World Health Organization (WHO) began monitoring patient access from Gaza. The decline is occurring alongside a gradual increase in the absolute number of referrals and related permit applications to West Bank hospitals in the wake of stricter constraints via the Rafah crossing.",4
10139,"The Taliban insurgents control the Kunduz-Takhar highway at night, as security personnel lack the required facilities and equipment, police said on Thursday. ",6
3238,"At least three people from Laiza town in Waingmaw Township and from Awng Lawt village in Tanai were reportedly killed during the second week of April by Tatmadaw artillery fire.  Monday’s letter says the Kachin and other ethnic minority groups in Myanmar have been subject to numerous violations of international law including execution, torture, forced displacement, forced labor, rape and other forms of sexual violence, confiscation of property, arbitrary arrest and detention, and denial of humanitarian assistance.  “The Burma military has used these tactics to instill fear and control in their attempts to destroy our ethnic identity, destroy our religion, colonize our lands, and steal our natural resources,” it says.  “As the Burmese military’s culture of impunity remains unchecked, [the] Burmese government is unable to exercise rule of law or capacity to protect [the] life of its citizens,” the letter adds. “We are once again appealing to the international community to hold perpetrators of war crimes and crime[s] against humanity…to account before [the] current conflict spills over to bordering regions.”",9
4131,"The delivery for 70,000 people in Duma is still urgently needed as well as for people in need in other parts of East Ghouta. The delivery of all necessary humanitarian supplies, including medical and health supplies, remains an urgent priority. Unhindered access and the ability to conduct proper needs assessments is also urgently needed along with the opportunity to conduct consultations with all affected populations to inform the programming and priorities of the response.",1
9843,"196,910 PIN food insecure, which represents a 27% increase from last year, due to drought and national demographic increase. Vulnerable populations are experiencing difficulties related to adequate food-intake and sustaining their agricultural production in rural areas. Their resilience and capacity to cope with shocks remains very limited.",3
3923,"The Education response continue to be hampered by lack of established curricula for the refugee population.Based on new data 244 Learning Centres are situated in flood and landslide prone areas. Partners have received maps on the locations of the learning centres at risk, and the Sector will approach each partner with the list of schools in risk to address them accordingly, including possible closure. A key gap is the lack of space to reallocate new land to centres. The schools at risk can affect potentially capacity for 25,000 learners. ? To mitigate the effects of the reduction in capacity, Education Sector Partners are exploring alternative ways to deliver education, such as shared use of alternative spaces, mobile learning and radio-based teaching.",2
495,"In the principle markets of the extreme north (Maroua, Kousseri, Yagoua, Kaele, Mokolo, Mora), the prices of main staple foods remained stable overall in April compared March. Overall though prices are higher than the five-year average (about 30 percent for rainfed sorghum, 40 percent for dry season sorghum, and 12 percent for maize). The ban on cereal exports and maize imports from Nigeria and sorghum and rice from Chad thanks to the opening of certain trade routes (Fotokole-Gambarou, Gobo-Guere), favors an average supply of goods at markets.",3
8621,"“Everything is expensive. Bread [rolls] used to be seven mets [$0.11] and now it’s 10 [$0.16]. Rice (5Kg) cost 200 mets [$3.15] and now it’s 500 [$7.90],” he said. “Electricity used to be 300 mets [$4.70] a month. Now it’s more than 500 mets [$7.90]… I only eat breakfast and dinner.”",3
10192,"During the reporting period, up to 20,000 people, mainly women and children, were prevented from crossing into Bangladesh at Palon Khali and trapped in a so-called “no-man’s land” area for two days without water, food or shelter. In response, UNICEF provided water, oral rehydration salts and critical messaging on avoidance of family separation and basic hygiene to the stranded refugees, and mobilized boats to ensure the safe passage of children and women.",11
33,Doctors are treating scores of Rohingya women who have fled Myanmar's violence-wracked Rakhine State for injuries consistent with horrific sex attacks.,4
11760,"Since 16 May, the provincial authorities have forced IDPs to return to their villages of origin where no security is guaranteed. People who returned to Lubila village (16 km from Kalemie) were caught in a violent attack by militia on 24 May. There are reports of several women being raped, including a minor, and men being beaten. Forced relocations, to totally unsecured areas, pose a threat to the security of the displaced population.",9
6446,"The suspension of humanitarian activities in Rakhine following the August 25 attacks has resulted in increased food insecurity, the UN World Food Program (WFP) reports. For example, approximately 40 percent of IDP camps did not receive monthly food rations in August due to GoB travel restrictions. According to WFP, approximately 250,000 intended beneficiaries did not receive food distributions between August 25 and September 12, including approximately 170,000 people who had not received food assistance since July due to security concerns. In coordination with the RSG, WFP resumed food distributions to IDP camps on September 12, reaching 25 camps with approximately 62,000 IDPs in central Rakhine as of September 30",3
5507,? There is likely to be an increase in people facing critical food shortages from the end of July 2017 onwards due to a projected food pipeline break. This comes at a time when the country moves into the July to September lean season. ,3
1571,"Thus, it has increased to 360 at least, including 68 child and 34 citizen women above the age of eighteen, the number of the casualties documented by the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights since the start of the Syrian revolution, all of them were killed in the continued targeting by the Turkish border guards for the Syrian citizens",9
10047,They said that they it would be impossible to survive in the camp without the rations they receive. They indicate that their lives revolve around the food rations too an extent that those who farm have to sale 50 percent of the food they receive in order to be able rent farms.,3
4491,"Prior to August 2017, global acute malnutrition (GAM) levels in some areas of northern Rakhine were above the WHO emergency threshold of 15 percent, with a GAM prevalence of approximately 19 percent and 15.1 percent in northern Rakhine’s Maungdaw and Buthidaung townships, respectively. While relief actors’ ability to conduct needs assessments is highly restricted, humanitarian organizations remain concerned about nutrition conditions in northern Rakhine due to thelack of functioning outpatient therapeutic programs (OTP) sites or mobile clinics to provide screenings and treatment for individuals experiencing severe acute malnutrition (SAM).",8
9335,"Aid workers continue to respond to the outbreak, but warn that fuel to run hospital generators and to pump clean water will run out in less than three weeks.  Vaccines needed to treat diphtheria will also run out in two weeks",1
3140," reported flood and landslide incidents in several provinces. Two of the significant flood incidents happened in Lai Chau and Cao Bang Provinces. As reported, flood has inundated 213 houses in Lai Chau and 215 in Cao Bang. Additionally, 1 person was missing and 4 others were injured due to thunderstorm in Ha Giang Province. At least 110 ha of crops were also damaged. ",0
6097,"On Wednesday night, a number of southern municipalities agreed a deal with Misrata municipal council under which convoys of petrol trucker heading south from the fuel depot in the city would be provided with a military escort. Under the plan, organised by the mayor of Shuwerif, Hassan Al-Qaddafi, the convoys would have an escort from Mistata to the Jufra area provided by the Misratans, and from there to Sebha provided by the Libyan National Army. The first 120 trucks are said to be ready to leave and, according to Rafeh, should be in Sebha at the beginning of the week.",5
10339,"So far, 20 H1N1 cases have been confirmed—eight in Yangon, one in Irrawaddy Region’s Pyapon Township, one in Pegu Region, and 10 in Chin State’s Matupi Township.Of them, five in Yangon and one in Matupi have died.",4
3617,"“We are quite concerned about the risk of deepening hunger. It also of utmost importance to mobilize activities to improve sanitation and secure basic hygiene for populations: degraded sanitary conditions increase the risk of potential cholera outbreaks,” said Action Against Hunger’s Country Director in Haiti, Mathieu Nabot. “We have seen momentum in collective efforts to eradicate the cholera outbreaks to which Haiti is extremely vulnerable.” “Haiti is already fragile. We cannot afford to lose sight of the fact that Haiti has been experiencing a food crisis, and the storm could drive the poorest families into deeper crisis. It is vital to first respond to basic needs, but then to quickly transition to recovery activities to enable people to restore their livelihoods and sources of income,” said Mathieu Nabot. ",4
1521,"Forced evictions continue to be an unrelenting reality, especially for those IDPs who have settled on private land. Th e sharp increase in drought related displacement has coincided with an increase in forced eviction trends: From January to August 2017 more than 100,000 persons have been evicted throughout Somalia, representing a 15 per cent increase in forced evictions compared to the same period in 2016.59 However, challenges impeding awareness and forced eviction prevention remain persistent. Prevention of forced evictions is critical during the drought period, the disruption of coping mechanisms subjects already vulnerable populations to risks across all humanitarian indicators. Structural protection concerns and violations associated with housing, land and property are rampant and include land grabbing, encroachment, multiple land claims, insecure land tenure, boundary disputes, demolitions, illegal land claims, squatters, illegal occupations and land transactions, and fraud. Poor land administration and a lack of land management systems, limited access to justice, poor legal and policy frameworks, and weak institutions are structural impediments to tenure security and contribute to the protractedness of the crisis.60",9
7663,"Boko Haram gunmen on 19 March raided Bodoum village in south-eastern Niger and looted a health centre and food from villagers. It was the first attack after a two-month lull. On 20 March, three suspected Boko Haram members killed a civilian in Garin Dogo village in Diffa",9
2370,"It is the young and elderly suffering most. The U.N. says 600,000 elderly people living in rebel-held territory can’t access their pensions. ",5
97,The investigation was carried out in response to a sudden rise in the number of cases of acute febrile illness in Gwadar city in Balochistan. The number of suspected chikungunya cases reported in Balochistan as of 19 April stands at 1962. A total of 28 blood samples have tested positive for chikungunya so far. ,4
841,"While the security situation has stabilized in parts of the Kasai region and displaced populations have begun to return to their communities, humanitarian conditions remain critical. More than 770,000 young children are malnourished, including 400,000 children – a staggering 10 per cent of the under-fi ve population – who urgently need treatment to recover from severe acute malnutrition. ",3
8327,"Government-owned bulldozers were deployed early in the morning on 29 December, while many people were still asleep or in their houses. They destroyed the shelters, toilets, health centre, schools, water storage facilities, and thousands of stalls and small businesses that the otherwise destitute families relied on for a living.Some parents even lost their children in the unexpected and brutal exercise ordered by the government and implemented by police and security forces Abdi Eymow Ulusow, one of the elders in the camps, told Radio Ergo some families are still searching for their children after they panicked and ran for their lives. Although some were later found, up to 10 children are still missing, he said.",5
11947,"“The state of Iraq’s healthcare system is alarming. For pregnant women, newborn babies, and children, preventable and treatable conditions can quickly escalate into a matter of life and death,” said Peter Hawkins, UNICEF Representative in Iraq, who has just completed a visit to Al Khansa hospital in Mosul, the largest in the city. “Medical facilities are strained beyond capacity and there are critical shortages of life-saving medicines.” ",4
10495,"Overall, the prevalence of global food insecurity (severe and moderate) is high in Madagali (68%) and Michika (55%). About 22% of households across both LGAs are severally food insecure.",3
856,"The global organization Mercy Corps is expanding its Colombia operations to meet the urgent needs of Venezuelans seeking refuge and opportunity in Colombia, which is hosting more than 600,000 Venezuelan refugees and migrants. The organization will initially provide vouchers to Venezuelans who have arrived in the department of La Guajira so that they can purchase food, medicine and other essential supplies. ",3
2505,"Finding accommodation and work is possible, but often inadequate Surveyed refugees, asylum-seekers, and migrants generally feel that people from their country are able to find living quarters and employment in Gaziantep and Kilis. However, due to the high cost of living in Gaziantep and Kilis and lack of support, many will settle for cramped and derelict housing. Common obstacles to finding suitable shelter include high rental costs, language barriers, and unemployment. Those who feel that employment is hard to find do so primarily because of language barriers, a lack of opportunities that they feel qualified for, and a lack of official documentation, such as work permits. Moreover, work is often informal, leaving many vulnerable to exploitation through low wages and long hours. Hence, despite the optimism around finding work and housing, respondents make frequent requests for help in finding suitable and affordable shelter and accessing further livelihood support",10
9536,"Ethiopian Oromo refugees fleeing to Kenya to escape persecution say they are finding life on the streets of Nairobi no better than the insecurity they left behind, as they are targeted by bribes and harassment and forced into vast camps with few prospects or protections.The Oromo are Ethiopia’s largest ethnic group but have long complained of political and economic marginalisation at the hands of the country’s ruling party, which is dominated by a minority ethnic group, the Tigrayans.Full of “spies”Oromo refugees also reported attempts by Ethiopian officials to recruit them as informants in Nairobi’s Oromo community, promising land, protection, money, and even resettlement to the United States or elsewhere, Human Rights Watch noted.Oromo refugees have reportedly been kidnapped from Kenya and taken back to Ethiopia, and there have been similar reports from Sudan, Djibouti, Uganda, and Somaliland.Bribes, harassment, and detentionKenya has an encampment policy – refugees are supposed to stay in one of two vast refugee camps that house 489,000 people: Dadaab and Kakuma. That means those found in urban centres without proper documentation are vulnerable to extortion and intimidation by the police.",9
4570,"A wall goes up in Myanmar Along Myanmar’s remote mountainous border with India, ethnic Nagas are being hemmed in by the construction of a new security fence. The barrier is being built by Myanmar authorities in the name of national security but also threatens to divide Naga families and communities who have long treated the bilateral border as an imaginary and easily ignored line. ",9
4714,The militants are also forcibly recruiting hundreds of children as soldiers and suicide bombers. ,9
11485,This storm is why Mozambique Airlines (LAM) cancelled its scheduled flight from Beira to Maputo on Friday night. LAM staff in Beira told disgruntled passengers that the weather in Maputo was so bad that the pilot was refusing to take off.,6
1657,"On 5 October, Prime Minister Haider al Abadi announced that Iraqi Security and affiliated forces had retaken the main cities of Hawija district, Hawija and Riyadh, and reclaimed the district. Villagers were allowed to remain in their houses during the second phase of the military operation. Mine clearance operations are ongoing. IOM’s Displacement Tracking Matrix reported that, as of 8 October, more than 43 386 people have been displaced in Kirkuk and Shirqat in Salah al-Din since the launch of the offensive in on 21 September 2017. Of these, more than 13 680 are still displaced and 29 706 have returned to their homes.",9
11547,"Denied care: 20 patients (14 male; 6 female) were denied permits to access health care through Erez, including an eight-year-old girl. Three patients older than 60 years were also among those denied. Of the 20 denied patients, nine had appointments in East Jerusalem hospitals, seven in the West Bank and four in Israeli hospitals. The followingspecialties were needed by patients denied permits: ophthalmology (4); ENT (3); neurosurgery (3); oncology (2); orthopedics (2); cardiology (2); and urology, vascular surgery, general surgery and nuclear medicine (1 each). In June, 2 out 20 denied patients submitted applications from 1-7 days prior to their hospital appointment, six applied 8-14 days prior to their appointments, ten applied 15-30 days prior, and two applied more than 30 days prior to the hospital appointment date.",4
4759,"Yields from the first of the country’s two annual agricultural seasons were down an average of 25%, but experts at the Integrated Food Security Phase Classification (IPC) system say this only partly explains the widespread food insecurity. “The current socio-economic crisis characterised by inflation, shortage of jobs, the depreciation of the Burundian franc and a shortage of foreign currency, aggravated by a malaria epidemic and the displacement of populations are factors which influence the level of food insecurity and create a need for a co-ordinated multi-sectoral approach,” the latest IPC bulletin says.Market prices of basic foods are between 30 and 50% higher than the same period last year, according to the IPC, which did, however, project much better yields from 2017’s (just beginning) second harvest. More supply can’t come a moment too soon. At foodstalls in the capital, IRIN found maize selling for 1,200 francs ($0.70) per kilo, against 400 francs less than two years ago, while green beans were up from 700 to 1,200 francs over the same period.Fuel shortages and electricity cuts have eased now but in April and May they were severe.",3
6322,"A diarrhea disease trends analysis between October 2016 and January 2017 shows an increased caseload by more than 36,200 cases. Notable increases are in Turkana and Isiolo counties. In the reporting period, a total of 13 cases of Kala azar were admitted to Marsabit Hospital, bringing the total to 23 cases reported (mostly adults). Isiolo and Wajir have both reported suspected cases of Kala azar but test have not been confirmed due to lack of test kits. There is also confirmed cases of Dengue fever in Mandera, although it is a mild strain. Key health facilities are now functional as of 14 March with the end of the three-month long doctors’ strike. Lack of water in health facilities in the drought-affected counties is a major concern as operations get underway. ",4
9660,"On health, Galmudud has poor access to basic health services delivery. This is particularly in south Mudug and North Galgadud where essential packages were not rolled out. Measles outbreak is now reported from parts of Galgadud region",4
11770,Suicide and complex attacks continued to cause record levels of civilian harm. The Mission recorded a five percent increase in civilian casualties from these tactics – 374 civilian casualties (108 dead and 266 injured) – accounting for 17 per cent of all civilian casualties. ,9
8360,"In CAR, 41 per cent of children under the age of five are chronically malnourished. Displacement increases the likelihood of child malnutrition as the quantity, quality and availability of food diminishes.",8
1275,"Ukraine's consumer price inflation eased to 13.2% year-on-year in March 2018, while food inflation reached 17.3%. Food prices increased by 2 percent in March. Food prices have been constantly at abnormally high levels since June 2017. Forecasts show a further increase for the second quarter of 2018. Among the most critical commodities, there are pork and beef meat, eggs and fat. Other seasonal products like potatoes, apples and carrots are also sold in the market at higher prices than expected. Similarly the price of diary products has set at high levels.",5
5190,"An assessment conducted by the ILO and the Institute for Applied International Studies (FAFO) in 2015 found that 40 per cent of working Syrian refugees in Jordan were employed in construction - one of the sectors open to `non-Jordanians' under the country's labour regulations. According to estimates, around 201,042 Syrians are active in the labour force, of whom 84,000 (42 per cent) are employed in the labour market. This means that around 33,600 Syrians work in construction, of whom only 3,000 have work permits and are therefore formally registered by the Ministry of Labour (MOL). The remaining 30,600 - or 91 per cent - of Syrians working in construction are employed without work permits.",5
6574,The residents and local officials of Imam Sahib district in northern Kunduz province have been worried over the growing insecurity and said clearing operation in the district had been postponed without reason.,9
8994,The food they receive is too little. At school they learnt that a person needs 23 kg of food yet they only receive 12 kilograms,3
9070,Al-Shabaab has told people they will be punished – possibly executed as spies – if they have any contact with humanitarian agencies.,9
10277,"The total number of suspected measles cases is now 713. During the reporting period, 68 suspected measles cases were reported. 75 per cent of the identified cases are children under 5 years of age. The number of new Acute Jaundice Syndrome (AJS) cases has increased as 152 cases were reported this week, compared to 92 cases in the previous week. The total number of AJS cases is now 815. Among the tested 29 cases, ten were found to have Hepatitis A, one has Hepatitis E and two cases have Hepatitis B. A larger laboratory testing is being scaled up in next two weeks to analyze 400 AJS cases for enhanced surveillance and better understand and monitoring of the current trends. As of 17 February 2018, a total of 5,764 suspected diphtheria cases were reported, with 38 deaths. The number of reported suspected cases has remained stable – 219 new cases were reported. Around 75 per cent of affected people are children below the age of 15 years and 14 per cent are under five years of age. The final report, including mop-up survey of the second round of diphtheria vaccination shows that 397,375 children were vaccinated with a coverage 25 per cent higher than the first round. 171,382 children aged between 6 weeks and 7 years were vaccinated with Pentavalent and bOPV (93 per cent coverage) while 225,993 children aged 7-15 years received Tetanus and Diphtheria (Td) vaccines (128 per cent coverage). The third round of diphtheria vaccination will start on 10 March. Routine immunization has started in 19 fixed health posts.",4
6855,67% have had to replant ? 56% predict decreased yield from this year’s crops ? 50% have had problems with livestock getting sick or dying  ,0
4368,"in Manizales as of 20 April, 70 homes have collapsed; due to the threat of further landslides, another 400 homes have been evacuated. The medical personnel of the largest healthcare center in Manizales were also the evacuated due to the damages to the building. The local area road network suffered damages at 15 key points; repair is ongoing. Twelve schools suspended classes until 20 April, pending a full evaluation of the damages sustained and number of children left without access. ",4
7134,"Access Constraints and Security Incidents   Eastern: On 1 August, NGO SCA was able to re-open all their 20 clinics in Laghman that had been forced to close down by threats from NSAGs in early June after extensive dialogue with communities. They issued a press release.   Western: Initial reports that health staff and patients were killed during the attack on Taywara DAC, Ghor, on 23 July, have not been substantiated. Instead, humanitarian sources report that members of an NSAG looted medical supplies at the district hospital and stole the ambulance.   Southern: Five health facilities along Highway 1 in Zabul have ceased operations after members of NSAGs reportedly threatened health workers and ordered them not to report to work.  ",4
3704,The Disaster Management and Mitigation Unit (DMMU) said the Copperbelt had not been spared by flash floods and the situation was worst in slum areas.,1
10270,"On 26 September 2017, the Uganda Ministry of Health notified WHO of an outbreak of cholera following detection of a cluster of cases in Kasese District, located in the western part of the country.s of 6 October 2017, a total of 133 cases including three deaths (case fatality rate 2.3%) have been reported.   Thirty-two (23.4%) of the cases were children under 5 years of age and 56% were female. Five out of 23 sub-counties in Kasese have been affected, namely Nyakiyumbu, MLTC, Bwera, Munkunyu, and Isango. Nyakiyumbu is the worst affected, with 55% (73/133) of the total cases. The initial cholera cases mainly occurred among cotton farmers who live in the farms in temporary shelter for short periods, with limited sanitation and access to safe water. There were floods in Kasese District in the preceding weeks, including on the cotton farms, which washed away latrines and may have contaminated local water sources.",4
10730,"During the evening of May 23, between 5 to 6pm, more than one hundred refugees and migrants who had been kidnapped and held captive by human traffickers west of Bani Walid, Libya, managed to escape. They were shot at while attempting to flee, resulting in several casualties and 25 injured who were referred to General Hospital of Bani Walid. The survivors, mostly teenagers from Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia who were attempting to seek asylum in Europe, reported they were in the clutches of human traffickers who had sold them multiple times between Bani Walid and Nesma.Survivors told MSF of at least 15 people were dead and said at least 40 people (majority are women) were left behind. Some of the survivors told to MSF teams that they had been held captive for up to 3 years. Scarred bodies, visible marks of electrical burns, and old infected wounds give an idea as to the ordeal they have suffered.",4
7634,"Exacerbating the pre-existing displacement crisis of tens of thousands of Haitians returning from  the neighboring Dominican Republic, concerns have increased about the safety of children and families, especially with the increased risk of food insecurity, malnutrition, and vulnerability to violence – including sex- and gender-based violence (SGBV), exploitations, and disease.",9
3751,"# People in Need: 2’663’400* people in need of permanent water infrastructure: 847,130",11
6968,"Acute malnutrition and now the declaration of famine in some locations remain a huge public health concern. Inflation on food security and livelihood in the country remains a big challenge to the household, with the increase in food prices and much less affordability, the population is prone to malnutrition related complications.",8
8796,"Intermittent rains are expected to arrive late this month or early April, followed by the monsoon. Yet, they will not alleviate the problems faced by farmers who have lost their rice harvest to the drought. ",5
10460,18.671 affected by HR infractions.19.000 people suffer GBV. ,9
4070,"The underlying cause for the inability to meet demand and thus the employment of daily load shedding across neighborhoods and cities as a last resort to avoid power grid collapse is nothing but the enormous and unimaginable wasteful consumption by householders, businesses and public institutions. ",7
3739," School age children represent at least 50 per cent of the refugee population and only 46 per cent of them have access to formal and informal education ; including a significant gender gap in enrolment, especially at secondary level, where fewer girls are in school compared to boys. Insufficient learning facilities in settlements hosting South Sudanese refugees are also characterized by severe overcrowding in temporary schools. Lack of institutional latrines and limited number of qualified teachers pose significant challenges to the learning capacity, safety and dignity of children. ",2
11919,"In February 2017, 3,367 Eritreans arrived in Ethiopia, according to Ethiopia’s Administration for Refugee and Returnee Affairs.There are around 165,000 Eritrean refugees and asylum seekers in Ethiopia, according to the UN refugee agency. Thousands more Eritreans live in the country outside the asylum system.“Sometimes we get more than 120 people a day,” says Luel Abera, the reception coordinator at Adinbried. “The stories I hear are very sad: pregnant women delivering on the way, people shot at or wounded, hungry and hurt children.”",10
5930,"40,267 children under five suffer from global acute malnutrition (GAM), including 22,017 cases of severe acute malnutrition (SAM). There is a need to strengthen malnutrition treatment for 17,600 children from both displaced and host populations. There is a need to increase malnutrition screening among 22,000 children under five.The NGO IRC screened 824 pregnant and nursing women in Dar-es-Salam refugee camp, of which 32 women are affected by SAM and 218 by MAM.",8
6875,"Livestock diseases and deaths need immediate attention, as livestock is the main source of food and livelihoods for HHs in these communities.",5
6743,"Afghanistan attack targets Kabul classroom with 600 children insideEleven students were injured when an attacker detonated explosives in a classroom in Kabul on Sunday. 'As inhumane as this cowardly attack is, we continue to see similar attacks on schools. Afghanistan's children are becoming innocent victims of the escalating conflict,' said NRC's country director in Afghanistan, Christopher Nyamandi.  The explosion occurred on the private-run Kawsar school in Afghanistan's capital city of Kabul on Sunday morning. Around 15,000 girls and boys currently study at the school. The Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) is present in the same area supporting displaced Afghans.  'The attacker was wearing an explosive vest and was carrying hand grenades. Before exploding his explosive vest, he tried to hurl a hand grenade from the door step of a classroom but the grenade went off in his hand and killed him,' said Hussain Ali Sultanfar, a teacher at the school. 'When the students heard the sound of the explosion, everyone ran away, and some of the students got injured escaping the scene. This was one of our special classes with 600 students in class,' Ali added.  Although no group has accepted responsibility for the attack, three months ago the Islamic State group claimed responsibility of an attack on a Shia cultural and religious school some five kilometers away from yesterday's attack.  'Whoever these are, they can't stop us from learning and promoting education in the county, however should attacks such as this continue, parents may withdraw their children from our famous education center,' Ali said.  International Humanitarian Law forbids attacks on educational institutions by armed groups or military forces. Educational facilities must be protected in armed conflict in the same way as healthcare facilities. ",2
10562,"The Royal Irrigation Department cut the rate of discharged from the Chao Phraya dam in Chai Nat to 1,038 cubic metres per second on Friday to lower flood levels that had inundated nearly 10,000 households in Ayutthaya.",10
8474,"UNICEF and all other humanitarian organizations operating from Cox’s Bazar are required to provide daily updates to keep district authorities informed. At sub-national level, UNICEF continues to lead coordination in the nutrition sector and child protection sub-sector and co-lead the education sector with Save the Children. UNICEF also co-leads the WASH sector along with Action against Hunger (ACF). It is important to note that the cluster system has not been officially activated.",1
3532,"According to the March 2018 Cadre Harmonisé, 390 000 people are in urgent need of food assistance, with this number rising to 930,000 from June 2018. These figures are higher than the projections made in November 2017. The deterioration in the food insecurity situation is due to a poor agricultural harvest in some areas, continued insecurity in northern and central Mali, and food prices that are 20-30 percent higher than the same time last year, In addition, insufficient water and low levels of biomass have led to early transhumance, increasing the strain on natural resources and risks of conflicts over resources. All of these factors particularly affect the poorest and most vulnerable households.",3
1225,"On Friday, 22 September, the Ministry of Health reported that 969 health units are among the most affected out of the 1,026 initially reported. ? The distribution of these facilities is as follows: 30 national facilities (including 6 Medical Sciences universities) and 939 provincial health institutions, including 68 hospitals, 124 basic health care centers, 86 social institutions (maternity care centers, nursing homes, senior care centers, etc.), 364 Family Doctor's Offices, 150 pharmacies, and 147 corresponding to other categories (such as stomatology clinics, blood banks, opticians, warehouses, local medication production centers, and workshops)",4
3030,"Initial monitoring shows 10 percent of children under two, and 25 percent of targeted women, were found to be suffering from acute malnutrition.",8
9830,"On 25 March, seven national staff from a national NGO, were detained by SPLA-iO forces while travelling in a three-vehicle convoy from Kupera County to Lainya County in Central Equatoria. The convoy was delivering supplies to health facilities serving thousands of people in need in Kupera, Limuro, Wuji and Koyoki. By month end, negotiations to release the aid workers were still unsuccessful. Partners also reported several incidents involving violence against and detention of aid workers, including five detained for a day by SPLA soldiers in Mingkaman, Awerial County (Lakes). In March, the local authorities demanded fees and accreditation requirements of workers in Bor and Aweil. Authorities in Wau suspended the activities of five NGOs, pending provision of extensive organizational and staff documentation. The suspension affected the WASH response for about 10,000 people in Jur River County, nutrition services to nearly 500 malnourished children in Baggari, and vegetable production and income generation support to 6,370 farmers in Jur River County. These incidents – both violent and more bureaucratic, are a continued cause of concern as they disrupt operations and threaten the safety of aid workers. In some cases, they have caused temporary suspensions of humanitarian work",5
1064,"Despite liberation of relatively large parts of Nineveh province where Mosul is the capital, nearly half a million refugees are still reluctant to return to their homes mainly due to security threats and stagnated public services, according to the Centre Crisis Management in the Kurdistan Region. As the war in Mosul’s western half comes to a slow close, many of the internally displaced people (IDPs) have found their residential homes destroyed in one of the most intense urban warfares in the country’s history with entire neighbourhoods levelled to the ground in the city’s old town. “Security, basic services such as running water and electricity, and the fact that many homes have been shattered in the city are the main reasons why so many IDPs have chosen to stay in camps and cities in the Kurdistan Region and in Iraq,” said Hoshang Muhammad, head of the crisis office in Erbil. ",8
3144,At the time of this assessment there is no clear evidence that El Nino has impacted school attendance. 93% of respondents stated that their children were attending school every day. This figure closely matches the national school attendance figures17. Households report that children are spending the same amount of time at school as normal (98%). It should be noted that gathering information on school attendance figures is very challenging in TimorLeste. Previous studies indicate that parents are reluctant to admit that children are skipping class. Observations from the HPA field team were that school age children appeared to be attending class. ,2
9491,"Bandits have for the third day running raided several villages in Ng'arua, Laikipia West.They raped a 22-year old woman before stealing an unknown number of livestock on Wednesday night. ",9
5793,"While aid imports have held up recently, commercial food and fuel imports remain well short of pre-blockade averages. I am particularly concerned about the recent decline of commercial food imports through the Red Sea ports. Pressure on the currency and a liquidity crisis in the Yemeni banking system make imports less viable for traders. Confidence among commercial shipping companies has eroded due to delays, including as a result of inspections undertaken by the Saudiled Coalition after these vessels have been cleared by UNVIM.",5
1106,"measles epidemic has been declared in the Health Zone of Lubumbashi, after three suspected cases were confirmed positive. This is the second health zone in Lubumbashi to be confirmed, after Rwashi in April. Of the 564 suspected cases of measles reported in the province of Haut Katanga between 01 January and 22 October 2017, more than 57% are registered in Lubumbashi. This announcement comes as another area, Sakania, is affected by the disease.Sakania is the third health zone in the province of Haut Katanga to be in a measles epidemic, in 2017, after Rwashi and Lubumbashi.",4
9378,"Member of Iraqi Parliament Vian Dakhil said in a statement this week that “based on reliable information, and the testimony of an 11-year-old Yazidi child who managed to escape” from ISIS captivity in Syria to Iraq, over 100 children abducted from Sinjar since 2014 remain alive and are being held by the terrorist group. Dakhil called on the Iraqi government to intervene. Her comments follow claims by a 17-year-old Yazidi boy, Sufyan Rashid Hajji, that he was kidnapped by ISIS in August 2014 and recently escaped an ISIS training camp in Syria with the help of Kurdish forces.",9
10369,"1 in 3 Afghan Children Still Not VaccinatedAn estimated 160,000 to 200,000 children under one year of age in Afghanistan ? one in three – received zero vaccinations last year.   These gaps in routine immunization coverage not only put the lives of under-vaccinated children at risk but also everyone around them.    Insecurity in parts of the country reduces access for health workers to reach children and for families to get to health clinics, while displaced populations and those living in remote areas are also more likely to miss out on vaccines.   “Immunization is the right of every child, we must accelerate our efforts to ensure all children in the country are vaccinated and protected from preventable diseases,” said Minister for Public Health, Dr Ferozuddin Feroz. “Through immunization we can protect children from diseases, such as measles, polio and pneumonia ? a major killer of children under five years of age,” Feroz added. The remarks come as Afghanistan marks, ‘World Immunization Week’, which is celebrated annually, 24-30 April, to raise awareness about the importance of vaccination and ensure that people take action to receive all required life-saving vaccines. The theme for 2018 is: “Protected Together, #VaccinesWork”. Efforts to eradicate polio also continue in Afghanistan and most of the country remains polio-free. In 2018, there have been seven polio cases, mostly restricted to high-risk areas in the southern and eastern regions. “We are seeing improvements in routine immunization coverage and new vaccines have been introduced,” said Richard Peeperkorn, WHO representative in Afghanistan.   “But the country is still behind schedule on the targets for disease eradication and elimination, including polio, measles, rubella, and maternal and neonatal tetanus. We must make more concerted efforts to reach all Global Vaccine Action Plan goals by 2020,“ Peeperkorn added.   The Global Vaccine Action Plan was endorsed by the World Health Assembly in 2012 and is a commitment to ensure that no one misses out on vital immunization by 2020.  “We must all commit to providing every child with the lifesaving vaccines they need,” said Stefano Savi, UNICEF’s deputy representative in Afghanistan.  “This includes reaching the most vulnerable children, who are often affected by conflict or living in the most remote areas of the country. Children in Afghanistan have the right to get the best start in life, to develop and progress like any child,” Savi added.    Immunization saves millions of lives globally each year and is widely recognized as one of the world’s most successful and cost-effective health interventions. Key facts and progress: The number of health centres providing immunization services increased by 12 percent to 1,767 facilities around the country.  In 2017, some 1,250,000 children, under one year old, were vaccinated against measles, polio, whooping cough, tetanus, diphtheria, pneumonia, meningitis and tuberculosis.  In 2017, 900,000 pregnant women and children younger than five were provided with medicines for antenatal care, newborn care, pneumonia, diarrhoea and meningitis.  Ten antigens are currently included in Afghanistan’s routine immunization programme, available free of charge.  From July to September 2018, a nationwide measles immunization campaign will target 14 million children, aged 10 months to five years.",4
9319,". The September- December 2017 rainy season had an early onset in August, which induced farmers to anticipate plantings. Above-average rains in September and October and near-average precipitations in November supported crop establishment and development. Although rains had an early cessation in early December, the impact on yields was minimal as most crops had already reached maturity and were ready for harvest. Fall Armyworm infestations were reported in mid-2017 in 60 of the country’s 112 districts. However, crop losses are reported to be less significant than originally expected due to increased pest management and prevention measures. ",3
3261,"Harvests should start to improve food security outcomes starting in October 2017. However, needs will remain high in SPLMN-controlled areas of South Kordofan and in Jebel Marra areas, particularly among IDPs. Moreover, influxes of South Sudanese refugees are expected to continue to increase humanitarian assistance needs.  upcoming lean season is april to september  and highest likely severity area is phase 3 level Crisis",3
10649,"Tanzania is hosting 314,797 refugees from Burundi the Democratic Republic of Congo in the camps in North West Tanzania. Over 57 percent of the refugee population are children below 18 years and almost three quarters of the entire population are children and women1 . More than 5000 children are unaccompanied and separated. Protection concerns such as sexual and gender-based violence are significant.",9
3335,"Protection Seven Best Interest Assessments (BIA) were conducted for Unaccompanied and Separated Children (UASC) to assess the protection risks and temporary care arrangement to ensure their wellbeing. In Melkadida camp, UNHCR facilitated a half day training on Protection from Sexual Exploitation and Abuse (PSEA) for 31 (9 male, 12 female) Community Outreach Workers. The session focused amongst others on the historical background of PSEA, its definition, six core principles of Secretary General’s Bulletin and SEA reporting. Information sharing sessions were conducted with refugees in Melkadida and Hilaweyn camps to explain the current state of resettlement and its impact on the Somali refugee community. The discussions also focused on the dangers of secondary movement to Libya and beyond. The refugees expressed serious concern regarding movement of the youth from the camp to seek asylum in Europe through Libya.  ",9
4430,"Providing food for 600,000 Rohingya refugees is no easy task but WFP has stepped up to the challenge and is currently working, in cooperation with its national and international partners, to ensure new arrivals receive a hot meal, nutritious fortified biscuits, and an initial ration of rice, lentils and vegetable oil.  ",1
8005,Haemorrhagic fever spreading in eastern Sudan’s Kassala’ Two people reportedly died from haemorrhagic fever in Kassala last week. A medical source told Radio Dabanga that two people suffering from haemorrhagic fever died at Kassala Hospital last week. “This brings the total number of deaths to three in a month.” ,4
5005,"Particularly vulnerable groups such as children, people with disabilities and older people, suffer the most intense consequences of sustained displacement, violence and lack of access to services. In a country where children aged 3-17 represent 48 per cent of the population,6 the long-term effects of multiple crises, loss of time in school, psychosocial stress and other protection concerns will ripple into the decades to come. Children continue to suffer the brunt of these pressures, and their situation has deteriorated over 2017, with continued incidents of recruitment, abuse, exploitation and other grave violations amounting to have directly affected about 100,000 children since the beginning of the conflict. More than 19,000 children are estimated to have been recruited by armed actors, up from 17,000 in 2016. The number of those registered missing, separated and unaccompanied increased by 178 over the course of the year. More than 16,000 unaccompanied and separated children have been registered in South Sudan since December 2013. Destruction of schools and the departure of teachers from many affected areas mean that access to education is severely impacted, with more children out of school than ever.",2
8960,"Unity ? During the reporting period, the overall WASH service delivery in Jamjang camps has been satisfactory the water supply coverage stood at 17.5 liters per person per day in Ajuong Thok, while in Pamir camp, water supply coverage stood at 17.6 litres per day per person",11
7034,"In addition, food security is proving even more critical in Jebel Marra than it is in the rest of Darfur, for one because farmers risk confrontations with gunmen who let their cattle graze on the fields. Aerial bombardments on villages and farmlands have forced many residents to flee to the camps for displaced people or take refuge in the mountains.",3
9034,"The pollution is so bad that Israel has shut down neighboring beaches for safety reasons and called on the Palestinian Authority to find a solution. President Trump’s Middle East envoy, Jason Greenblatt, raised the issue in a recent speech in New York, saying the untreated wastewater was “imposing unnecessary hardship on both sides.” ",11
11757,"40 new cases in Sudan’s White Nile state A woman died of cholera in Um Jar locality in White Nile state on Sunday.In the 20 villages in the area of Um Jar, located between Ad Duwaym and Rabak, at least 200 people are afflicted as well. ",4
1203,"He announced that accommodation centres set up to shelter people temporarily displaced by storms and flooding in the southern province of Inhambane (in Govuro district, and in Inhambane and Maxixe cities) have now been dismantled.At the height of the Inhambane storms last month, they accommodated about 400 people. Those families have now received plots of land on which to build new homes. ",10
10370,"ropical Cyclone Dineo hit coastal Inhambane Province on February 15, and according to preliminary estimates, the category 3 cyclone affected nearly 551,000 people and destroyed 27,000 hectares of crops. ",0
8836,"0ver 500,000 children in the district are in need of EiE assistance. Approximately 375,000 of them are Rohingya and remain almost solely reliant on international and national NGOs as providers of nonformal education.",2
8608,"Internally displaced persons, or IDPs, are appealing to the government and aid agencies for emergency food and water. Peter Butili Parajallha, head of the Relief and Rehabilitation Commission in Yei River State, says his office has registered up to 300 IDPs who fled Mukaya County.'There are 67 households with a total population of 307, mostly children, women and old people,' Parajallha said. 'They are tired, hungry and walked the whole night without food. We at RRC gave them a bag of rice for the children, with two big tents to shelter in. I am appealing to the NGOs with food and the community to rush with some food to save the lives of the people.'",11
3287,Burundian refugees in the Democratic Republic of Congo say they are not getting enough food to eat.,3
5466,"On 15 November 2017, the Permanent Secretary for Risk and Disaster Management in conjunction with Haiti Hydro-meteorological Unit declared an Orange level vigilance alert (risk of moderate to high intensity impact) and announced the activation of the National Plan for Risk and Disaster Management (PNGRD) facing the threat of heavy rains with risk of landslides and floods in the country particularly in the districts of Sud-Est, Sud, Grand-Anse, Nippes, Ouest, Artibonite and Nord-Ouest.",2
4506,"An example is the limited availability of education services in Ar-Raqqa city due to the destruction of many schools during the conflict. Only eight education facilities are currently operational and are reportedly serving between 5,550 and 7,200 children. Private markets also have limited capacity, as no core food items (such as flour and lentils) are available in five neighbourhoods. 22 bakeries are functioning but are unable to increase their production in the absence of electricity and fuel.",3
9976,"More than three quarters of CAR’s working population relies on agriculture, but cycles of displacement have driven farmers from their land, leaving fields abandoned. Even when farmers return to their land, many do not have seeds to plant, or are reluctant to plant crops without a stable future to plan for. As a result, crop production has dropped by over half since 2013, food prices have soared, and almost half the population is without reliable access to food. Malnutrition rates in some areas exceed emergency levels.",8
929,"Hundreds of war-displaced families from the Qala-i-Zal district of Kunduz province have fallen on bad times.Last Tuesday, Taliban insurgents attacked the Aqtapa area of the district. Several villages, including the district center, fell into the hands of militants.Provincial council member Aminulla Adid, while delivering assistance to the displaced people, told Pajhwok Afghan News, around a thousand families had left their homes. He expressed concern over their situation, lamenting that no agency had so far addressed the affected families’ problems. “More than a thousand families have shifted to Dasht-i-Abdan and are living under the open sky in the hot weather.”Haji Nazar Mohammad, 60, living in a small tent with 12 members of his family, said his area was overrun by the militants. The security forces had destroyed their house with mortar shells, he claimed.Nazar Mohammad, breaking into tears, said: “We are left with nothing. All we could do was to bring our children. We have left behind all household items. Our house has been destroyed. We seek assistance from the government.”Allah Birdi, another displaced man, said several ordinary people had suffered casualties. But he was unaware of the exact figures. “Our children have fallen sick. We want the government to help us.”On the other hand, the governor’s spokesman confirmed 900 families had been displaced from Qala-i-Zal. Four teams had been dispatched to the area to survey the affected families for proper assistance, he concluded.",7
8844,"Teachers go back to schools in Burkina Faso after threats to educationTeachers who fled in the wake of threats and the killing of a school head in the West African country will get psychological support after returning to their classrooms.Dozens of teachers in Burkina Faso who fled into hiding after receiving threats from Islamist militants have returned to their classrooms and will receive psychological support after one of them was killed by suspected jihadists, officials said.",2
1121,"The government is justified in blocking the websites to protect citizens from outlets that 'disseminate subversive material,' South Sudan's Minister of Authorities Michael Makuei Lueth told the US-based Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ).",9
2361,"Villages along the India-Nepal border are fighting over water from the Pandai river. In the heat of the pre-monsoon months, just a few streams of water can be seen trickling down the stony riverbed. Residents of over a dozen villages in Nepal and India are critically dependent on this water for their homes and to irrigate their farms.",11
4553,".”eople in a number of residential districts in Port Sudan and Suakin in Red Sea state have to make do with drinking water bought from tankers or donkey carts as the water supply has been extremely irregular for several months.  “The commercial prices of water are soaring,” a listener in Port Sudan complained. “We now pay SDG40 ($6) for a jerry can of water.”",11
11431,"Seven aid workers were relocated from Koch and Leer (Unity) due to armed clashes. The relocation forced the temporary suspension of food assistance, nutrition, health care, non-food items as well as education services. I",4
8325,"In Mukambe, a remote village in the south-eastern province of Tanganyika, where inter-ethnic conflict has uprooted more than 650,000 people from their homes, families have resulted to eating mostly snails.",3
7080,"At the beginning of June, food rations covering 10 days were distributed to IDPs. The level of insecurity prevents farmers from resuming agricultural activities. Food prices are already high, while the variety of goods has reduced. In the Central African Republic (CAR), food insecurity affects at least 28 per cent of the population. More than 180,000 people face acute malnutrition, and chronic malnutrition is widespread in almost all parts of the country, with about 364,000 children affected.",5
248,"Armed groups routinely deny detainees any contact with the outside world in the initial period of their detention. In some cases, detainees are held incommunicado for up to two years in conditions amounting to enforced disappearance. When detained incommunicado, individuals are most vulnerable to torture and other egregious human rights violations.",9
22,"Thousands of people have been left homeless, according to Western Cape officials, with the millions living in shanty towns the hardest hit. Many had already been displaced in March when their homes burned down due to a period of prolonged drought.",10
7110,"It added that the bombardment, looting, burning and sexual violence targeted more than 90 villages, saying more than 40,000 residents were forced to flee their villages and resort to the nearby mountain reefs where they are still stranded without water, food or shelter. ",3
2864,"In recent months, piped water has been supplied for 4-6 hours every three to five days in most areas.Due to an increased supply of emergency fuel, the average quantity of water supplied to households during September was 71 litres per day per capita (l/d/c), an increase of 34 per cent compared with the monthly average during April to August, but still well below the equivalent figure in the first quarter of the year (84 l/d/c), and far below the internationally recommended standard of 100 l/c/d.2These figures are averages for all of the Gaza Strip but they conceal wide variations by area. For example, supply in Rafah governorate in July 2017 was 40 l/d/c, half of the equivalent figure in the Northern Gaza governorate (80 l/d/c). Since the aquifer extraction plant is located West of the Gaza Strip, creating further distance to Rafah, the low pressure of water requires electrical pumping which has been affected further by the further increase in electricity outages.",11
10902,The warehouse of the hospital as well as its operating room and administrative units are now partially destroyed and out of service.,4
1662,"Ayham a-Seed, a citizen journalist living in a neighborhood of Daraa adjacent to Abu Nasser’s, describes a “doomed” residential frontline with no passable roads or drinking water. ",11
6577,"Impact of economic reforms on the poorest and most vulnerable populations: Starting in July, the Egyptian Government has implemented a series of economic reforms as a requirement to receive a loan by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) of USD 12 billion. The reforms include the revision of the electricity subsidies, the transition from the sales taxes to the value-added taxes, the floating of the Egyptian currency, and a partial lift of the fuel subsidy. As part of the government’s energy subsidy reform plan, fuel prices increased by up to 47 percent.   Collectively, these factors led to a historic peak of annual inflation in Consumer Price Index (CPI) to 24.3 percent while inflation in overall food index increased by 29 percent in December. The annual inflation rate in food prices during December 2016 was 87 percent higher than in December 2015, directly affecting the purchasing power of the poorest and most vulnerable. ",7
11402,"“It is the scale of it that is vast,” said Ms Morgan. “I saw so many malnourished children. They had a famine in Somalia in 2011-2012. What they are saying is that this time even more people are affected. The scale is greater than what happened then. However, I think maybe we are reacting faster but we need to continue with that.”",3
928,"Livelihoods ? Refugees do not have any income generation opportunities inside or outside the camp and mostly are dependent on food ration. Even if small opportunit ies exist, the selection of beneficiaries is not fair. ? There is lack of market to sell goods. Restricted movement to import and export goods further makes it difficult for refugees to engage in business or trade. ? Cash provision for starting work is very low and all the refugees do not have means to start businesses or work. ? Refugees have very less opportunities for cultivation and farming as they do not have access to land. Few refugees are involved in agriculture and it takes up to six months to come on terms with the host community. ? Participation of Refugees in livestock production is very limited.",5
11879,"Due to assistance delivered in February, it is likely that Mayendit remains in Emergency (IPC Phase 4!). Humanitarian actors gained access to Leer in late February - beneficiaries have been registered for assistance and distributions have begun. As of early March, no access has been granted to Koch.",3
7418,"UNRWA facilities continue to be directly or indirectly damaged by the armed conflict contrary to the inviolability of UNRWA premises, ",6
10806,"Under-five children, pregnant women, people with communicable diseases, and people living with disabilities are the most vulnerable people in need of health services. The most common cause of maternal mortality in DPRK is post-partum haemorrhage, with women who give birth at home most at risk. According to the 2014 Socio- Economic, Demographic and Health Survey (SDHS), approximately nine per cent of all women still deliver at home, with 67 per cent of maternal deaths occurring amongst women who deliver at home.",4
2096,"Guards at Turkey’s closed border with Syria are indiscriminately shooting at and summarily returning Syrian asylum seekers attempting to cross into Turkey, Human Rights Watch said today.  In some cases, Turkish border guards beat asylum seekers they detained and denied them medical assistance.",9
2394,"From October to December, 4.8 million people—about 45 per cent of the population—are severely food insecure. This represents 1.4 million more than at the same time last year; much of this growth has been in the Emergency category (IPC phase 4).The food security situation is projected to deteriorate at the start of 2018, with an estimated 5.1 million people being classified as severely food insecure in the first quarter, and the ‘hungry season'—when households typically run out of food before the next harvest—is forecast to start three months earlier than usual. Many people have few means of coping with the stresses of the lean season, and the situation is predicted to become increasingly fragile",3
7252,"Tanzania is food self-sufficient at the national level. However, localised food deficits occur at regional, district and household levels mainly due to dependence on rain-fed agriculture and limited use of modern farming techniques. 80 percent of the population relies on subsistence farming and 28 percent of the population lives below the poverty line. Tanzania is classified as a Least Developed Country, ranking among the lowest on the Human Development Index. According to the National Nutrition Survey (2015), 35 percent of children under the age of five are stunted in Tanzania. ",3
9484,"The country continues to import maize grain and maize meal from neighboring countries, mainly from Zambia and South Africa. The SADC Logistics Unit reported an import of 83,694 tonnes of white maize from South Africa as of week 9 (27 February – 5 March 2017). Also 81,776 tonnes of yellow maize grain were imported into the country",3
2602,"An elevated risk of Famine (IPC Phase 5) continues in northeast Nigeria, where in addition to directly leading to loss of life, ongoing Boko Haram conflict continues to significantly limit food availability and access. Large populations have lost their livelihoods, and many remain highly dependent on humanitarian assistance to meet their basic food needs. Furthermore, areas of Borno State remain inaccessible to humanitarian actors, and in many instances populations are congregated in larger cities away from their homes.",3
2145,"Several of the refugees had been subject to sexual and gender based violence before arriving Angola, with both physical and psychological impact. Many have also lost family members, and they report about mass killings, rape, mutilations and burning of property. Incidents of sexual and gender based violence (SGBV) is also taking place in Angola. 162 incidents involving refugees were reported during the second half of 2017, including 11 incidents of rape, 15 of sexual assaults, 90 of physical assault, 23 of forced marriage and 23 of psychological violence. Less cases were reported in November (14) and December (20), compared to the previous months (average of 32 a month). 88% of the reported cases involved women and girls, and 37% of the reported cases involved children.  ",9
10490,"Water rationing is the only plausible option if the body has to ensure sustained water supply to Bengalurus residents until June 2017, said a senior official from the Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board (BWSSB).",11
5907,"Health worker Gerimie Dicia says Magloire is lucky her son has recovered. He says many children who arrive at Gado die from hunger, malnutrition, or wounds inflicted on them by fighters while they are escaping from C.A.R.",1
6906,"Meanwhile, the resources needed by IDPs and other affected populations to effectively re -establish themselves after almost two years of absence are considerable. Reports indicate that most houses have been damaged or destroyed, and the contents looted. Fields abandoned for two planting seasons are now overgrown. Health centres and schools have also been damaged and staff have fled along with the local population and local au thorities. Everything needs to be re-built and all concerned will require tools, materials and continuing assistance until they are able to get their lives back on track.",10
10380," Refugees continue to cite violence and indiscriminate killing of civilians, nightly attacks on homes, sexual violence, looting of livestock and and property, unsubstantiated accusations of collaboration with opposition groups, fear of arrest and torture and lack of food and other basic necessities as reasons for leaving South Sudan.",3
10319,"The economy in most countries came to a halt with the destruction of roads, bridges, and public utility systems. In Dominica, for instance, the agriculture sector was devastated, with 100% loss of crops and substantial destruction to productive trees and death of livestock. Additionally, 90% of structures on the island are reported to have been damaged: approximately 62% of houses were heavily damaged and 15% destroyed. In Antigua and Barbuda, the combined value of destroyed assets and disruptions in the production of goods and services is equivalent to about 9% the country’s GDP in 2016. Barbuda remains uninhabitable and permanent returns will not be possible until water and sanitation supplies are restored. In British Virgin Islands, tourism was severely affected, with approximately 95% of all coastal small properties on the northern and western section on the island of Tortola destroyed or reported severe damages. Public services and transport activities in most of the territories were severely hampered, including secondary roads, which are critical to access arable land, remote locations and transport labour and agricultural products to markets and ports.",7
4772,"The southern region is suffering from an acute shortage of fuel due to bad security conditions, thus leading to rocketing prices of fuel in the black market. The issue also led to the closure of many state institutions like Sabha University and Sabha Hospital, where several medics said they could not go to their jobs as they had no fuel to drive there. Sabha municipality has threatened in a statement last week to close Sharara and Al-Feel oilfields as well as the water system known as Man-Made River if fuel did not arrive in the southern region, and Sabha in particular.",5
9223,"However, price increases were also recorded in some districts such as Chicualacuala, Macossa and Mutarara. While maize grain prices decreased in most districts in February, the highest price continued to be reported in Massangena district (MZN70/kg), which has been consistently far higher than the province average (Figure 1) since December 2016. Massangena has recorded these exceptionally high prices due to the distance from the main cities and poor road accessibility, especially during the rainy season. It is also unsuitable for maize production as it is located in a semiarid region, characterized by poor soils with low productivity. It was also recently affected by the fall armyworm infestation.",3
9149,"In some pastoral and agropastoral livelihoods which cover parts of Mudug, Galgadud, Gedo, Middle Shabelle and Lower Shabelle regions, food security outcomes are actually expected to deteriorate through the end of the year. ",3
10180,FUNDING     (as of 15 May 2017)     USD 102.7M     Requested by UNHCR for the Somali Refugee Situation in Ethiopia     Funded 13%    Gap 87%,1
8642,"UNHCR has warned that the situation in Nduta camp in Tanzania, in particular, is ‘alarming’.63 Originally designed to host 50,000 people, it now houses over 127,000. UNHCR and its partners do not have sufficient capacity to prevent and respond adequately to sexual and gender-based violence; they have also raised concerns about health and protection risks linked to overcrowding.Several people spoke about violations they had experienced by local authorities in Tanzania and harassment and robbery by members of the public in Tanzania and Uganda.",4
8687,The price of maize has either decreased or stabilized in most markets in Yobe and some markets in Borno State when compared to the previous month or the past three months. Price stability or decline for local rice and peanuts is also reflective of the seasonal grain prospects or the arrival of newly harvested grains in local markets,3
1559,The need for heaters is a top priority within Northern Syria camps where severe need for heaters and heating fuel was reported in all assessed clusters. ,7
410,"With as little as one-quarter of expected rainfall received, widespread drought conditions in the Horn of Africa have intensified since the failure of the October-December rains, FAO said today.  FAO estimates that over 17 million people are currently in crisis and emergency food insecurity levels in member-countries of the Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD), namely Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan and Uganda, which are in need of urgent humanitarian assistance.",3
637,"Staple food prices remain above five-year averages, driven largely by the country’s fragile macroeconomic situation. In Kirundo, from August to early November, there was a marked jump by about 20 percent in bean prices, which was a similar rise that occurred in November 2016. Bean prices are expected to ease slightly by the end of November ahead of the harvests, but maize prices are likely to remain high due to the FAW infestation.",3
8966,"In addition, there were no standard guidelines used for the areas assessed: infectious and communicable diseases, non-communicable diseases, mental health, and child health, reproductive and sexual health. As host communities were suffering from these shortages, migrants too were experiencing even greater barriers with cost accrued due to the cost of medicines and tertiary care stays. Although primary healthcare services were delivered free to all migrants by IMC in the two detention centers, but very limited preventive and rehabilitative services were offered, also no treatment of infections was available.",4
4959,"Between Epi Weeks 34-2016 and Week 14-2017, a total of 2,890 suspected cases of measles were reported from EWARS reporting sites in 13 LGAs. In Epi Week 14, 71 suspected cases were reported.",4
1586,The affected zone is located in a very remote and hard to reach and highly insecure area (classified as red zone due to local banditry). ,4
10922,Maize prices remain high across Zambia in comparison to the five year average,3
11677,"The normal start of rains in livelihood zones 8 and 3 and the provinces of Maniema, that had experienced late and poor rains during agricultural season A, which resulted in below- average harvests, allowed households in these zones to begin agricultural season B with the exception of some pockets of conflict in the southeast where households are displaced.",3
11132,"1.4M People in areas affected by hurricane Matthew are in need of WASH, shelter, protection, livelihood and other types of assistance",11
3547,"In August, food prices were at relatively high levels and similar to the critical period of 2014-2016, when the country was affected by the El Niño-induced drought. The cost of a representative food basket was still higher in May-September 2017 than at the same period a year earlier.",3
8467,Government has closed down three Primary Schools and all fishing camps along the Luapula River and Lake Mweru in Chiengi District of Luapula Province after cholera breakout.,2
4940,More than 20 000 #IDPs flee in #Bria since May 15. #Humanitarian access hampered,6
2649,"Six schools and four kindergartens have also closed in the area due to the violence, putting education on hold and children under further stress, as they lose the much needed routine and stability of going to school. ",2
11408," Keeping in view the current need and possible worse impact on human health and life, distribution of household water filters along with aqua tabs to the affected community has been planned on emergency basis in order to ensure safe drinking water.",11
8076,"Cholera remains a challenge even in dry season along the River Nile, Malaria, Acute Respiratory Tract Infections, TB/HIV/AIDS, and Measles are the major public health morbidities/ mortality in IDP locations and surrounding host communities. Communities fleeing from the conflict have settled in swamps where WASH facilities are non-existent.",4
2015,"European Union leaders and analysts say the mounting political confrontation could spin out of control, adding to increasing ethnic tensions across a destabilizing Balkans.",9
2598,"During the night of Wednesday the 11 April 2018, the district of Karonga in Malawi, was affected by severe floods when Karongo experienced sudden heavy rains for 7 continuous days. Floods have caused displacement of 3,570 people with three lives lost livestock killed and crops and houses destroyed.",5
4732,"In Surman female detention center in  western Libya, more than 250 female African migrants are reported to be detained, without access to basic services such  as healthcare and sanitation. ",11
250,"Based on the available information to date, the risk of international spread appears unlikely, especially as it is occurring in very remote area. However, the difficulty to reach the affected area hampered prompt investigation and therefore at this stage the real magnitude of the outbreak is still to be defined and the risk of further spread in the area and sustained transmission cannot be formally ruled out. ",4
107,"Access to health for Syrian refugees has further deteriorated following the government’s decree to cut subsidies to healthcare. Fees have increased two- to five-fold for most services, with charges for a regular hospital birth – for example – rising from 60 JoD to 240 JoD and a caesarean section increasing from 240 JoD to 600 JoD. Patients have reported skipping consultation to the doctors or self-medicating as a coping mechanism.",4
7832,"Regular access to medicine was reported in only 4% of baladiyas (Alsharguiya, Arrajban, Bani Waleed and Tajoura). In the remaining 96% of baladiyas it was reported that there was no regular access to medicine ",4
3124,"The projected number of children who are, or will be, acutely malnourished has increased by 50 per cent since the beginning of the year to 1.2 million, including over 232,000 who may suffer from life-threatening severe acute malnutrition in 2017. 3 The post-Gu 2017 FSNAU assessment indicates that the prevalence of global acute malnutrition in the livelihood zones of Bay, Bakool, Gedo, as well as in the internally displaced persons (IDP) camps in Hargeisa, Berbera, Qardo, is critical (15-30 per cent). Household access to food and income have lowered due to lower than expected Gu cereal harvest. As a result most rural livelihood zones are classified as Crisis (IPC Phase 3) or Emergency (IPC Phase 4). Further interruptions to current food assistance programs and higher prices may exacerbate the household food access situation and increase the risk of famine.",3
9581,"An estimated 482,882 children require treatment for acute malnutrition, including 104,614 who are suf fering from severe acute malnutrition (SAM). Eighty-eight per cent of these children are from 23 arid and semi-arid countie",8
9812," June 2017 Outcomes for more affected areas: South Kordofan: Food consumption: Food gap about 64% in areas of phase 3 , FCS : poor 22%( WFP Nov. 2016). ",3
10815,"? Respondents generally had access to toilets; 19 respondents indicated a need for minor repairs in their toilets (68%). IDPs families were asked about how many people they are currently sharing latrines with. IDPs indicated they are currently sharing with 1-10 people (7 respondents, 25%), 11-20 people (12, 43%), 21-20 people (8 respondents, 29 %) and 31-50 people (1 respondent, 4%).",11
11674,"An estimated 281,000 newly arrived Rohingya are in need of urgent nutrition support to prevent or treat malnutrition, according to new data from the Inter-Sector Coordination Group, including 145,000 children under the age of five and more than 50,000 pregnant and breastfeeding women. At least 14,000 newly arrived Rohingya children under five are already believed to be suffering from severe acute malnutrition.",8
11678,"After decades of war, the sheer volume of explosive devices renders Iraq one of the most heavily contaminated countries in the world. Explosive hazards pose life-threatening risks to civilians fleeing their homes, and returning to their areas of origin. Cities like Mosul that experienced intense fighting are littered with unexploded artillery, pressure plates and complex booby traps. In urban areas improvised explosive devices (IEDs) are buried in the rubble, slowing clearance and preventing people from returning. In rural areas, contamination of farmers’ fields poses lethal risks to labourers and children in particular. The complexity and diversity of IEDs requires specialist mine clearance operators, which is costly and time consuming.",9
11797,"Dozens of Israeli soldiers invaded, on Saturday at dawn, the northern West Bank city of Jenin, and Jenin refugee camp, and clashed with many local youngsters, causing several Palestinians to suffer the effects of teargas inhalation.",9
3496,"The rate of displacement from west Mosul continues to escalate as fighting to retake the west of the city from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) closes in on the old city. An estimated 382,000 people have fled western neighbourhoods since late February. An estimated 450,000 people are in areas of west Mosul inaccessible to humanitarian partners. As of 25 April, a total of 543,000 people have fled the fighting in Mosul and surrounds, 452,000 of whom are still in displacement, according to government figures. The majority of displaced people are sheltering in displacement camps and emergency sites to the south, east and north of the city, where government and humanitarian partners are providing assistance. Partners are preparing for a variety of possible scenarios, including a further surge in large-scale displacement.",10
11707,Choma Mayor Javen Simooloka attributed the flooding to lack of adrainage system in the area.This problem may continue that is why we will need the DMMU to comein because the residents are at a high risk of water contamination.,11
6788,The high percentage of young people among the Syrian asylum-seekers makes education an urgent issue – but Turkish public opinion regards any investments in integration as an encouragement for them to stay.,2
5310,"New arrivals also have limited access to bathing facilities, especially women, and urgently require WASH supplies including soap and buckets. ",11
10888," As of 8 p.m. (1700 GMT) five people had been confirmed killed and seven injured, the national office of risk management said. An estimated 22,000 people were either displaced or had their property damaged by what was one of Madagascar's worst storms in years.",10
5159,"• As reported in July, the estimated food insecure population for 2017/18 is much lower than average, however the annual Vulnerability Assessment and Analysis still estimates that approximately 225,000 people are likely to be food insecure at the peak of the lean season (Dec. 2017-Feb. 2018).Very poor and poor households in marginal production areas, particularly Mohale’s Hoek, Mafeteng, Mokhotlong, and Quthing districts, are likely to have livelihood protection deficits and very small food consumption gaps. Some areas are currently Stressed (IPC Phase 2) and this is expected to continue through February, with a chance of Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes among households in isolated areas.",3
2163,"Suspected jihadists killed 40 Tuaregs, mostly young men, in two attacks in northern Mali’s Menaka region, which the local governor said seemed calculated to spark an ethnic conflict between Tuareg and Fulani herders. ",9
746,"As of 17 January, 66,000 refugees have crossed the Naaf river into Bangladesh to flee violence in Rakhine state, Myanmar which started on 9 October 2016 and continues today (Myanmar Times 10/10/2016). These refugees arrive in Cox’s Bazar, Chittagong District where there is already a significant Rohingya refugee population. 32,700 are in two official refugee camps while an estimated 200,000 to 300,000 are unregistered in unofficial camps or living among the Bangladeshi population in Cox’s Bazar",11
3639,"Food access: Main staple food prices have seasonally declined during harvest period of January to February in most markets due to this year’s good production. During March, prices either remained stable or slightly increased, as prices increased about 10 to 15 percent in some markets. However, current level of cereal prices remained on average 10 percent above last year and over 45 percent above the recent five -year average due to high cost of production Livestock prices either stabilized or continued to increase slightly in most market during March and April 2017, this has slightly improved household’s income from animal sales.Influx of Refugees from South Sudan into neighboring states of Sudan has increased, due to persistent conflict and severe acute food insecurity situation. It is estimated that around 47,800 refugees arrived in March 2017, bringing the total number of arrivals since the beginning of 2017 to nearly 85,000. This likely has likely increase the demand for local consumption and contribute price increases. ",3
2025,"Twenty-three people have died after heavy rain hit parts of China starting Oct. 1, the Ministry of Civil Affairs said Monday. As of 9 a.m. Monday, storms have forced the evacuation of nearly 34,000 people in Chongqing Municipality and the provinces of Anhui, Henan, Hubei, Sichuan and Shaanxi, the ministry said. More than 5,200 houses collapsed and over 24,000 were damaged due to the heavy rain. Direct economic losses are estimated at 3.26 billion yuan (490.3 million U.S. dollars).",10
9279,"Droughts are intensifying and occurring more often. In November 2016, the Karnataka government estimated the losses suffered by the agricultural sector over the last two years to be more than 12,000 crores ($1.85bn).   Water has become another input cost in the farmers' quest for security - whether through crop failure due to lack of rainfall or the debts incurred to irrigate farms.  And the security Indian farmers are looking for is even harder to find it in the globalised markets of the 21st century.",0
9591,Global Acute MalnutriDon (GAM) has increased in Northern  Inland Pastoral (NIP) livelihood zone since Deyr 2016/17. The  increase is staDsDcally significant. There has been a slight  decline in GAM in rural Bay Agropastoral since Deyr 2016/17 but  the change is not significant.  ,8
3415,"A former member of Turkey’s pro-Kurdish Peoples’ Democratic Party (HDP) on Thursday was given a 20-month jail sentence. Former HDP lawmaker Nursel Aydogan, who represented the Diyarbakir region, had her Parliamentary membership revoked in early May",9
8697,"‘Sudan spends less than 1.5% of GDP on education’ The Sudanese government has lifted its hand from education in terms of spending, says Dr Mohamed El Amin El Tom, a mathematician and lecturer at various Sudanese universities. According to the researcher, “The government does not want a political, economic, and cultural transition in Sudan, so it leaves education as it is.",2
2099,"Chemicals from a soda ash factory near a town in northern Bosnia have polluted a river, killing fish and damaging surrounding farmland and authorities on Tuesday declared a disaster.The spill occurred last week in Lukavac when a dike cracked at the Sisacam Soda Lukavac factory, a subsidiary of Turkey’s chemical maker Soda Sanayi.",0
9205,"Kerem Shalom, Gaza’s main crossing for the entry and exit of goods, partially re-opened today, allowing the entry of medical supplies, including five truckloads delivered by the MoH in Ramallah, two truckloads by the UN, and, reportedly, two truckloads contributed by Israel. This is despite the extensive damage caused to the Gaza side of the crossing by Palestinians during the protests on 4 and 11 May, and again yesterday. The Israeli authorities have indicated their readiness to increase the volume of palletized goods entering Gaza via Kerem Shalom; however, the damage sustained to the crossing’s pipelines and conveyor belts will continue to impede the import of fuels and raw construction material into Gaza.",7
780,"Since September 19th, SAMS staff have reported 10 attacks on health care in Idlib and Hama, impacting hospitals, ambulance systems, and a mobile clinic, many of which were forced to temporarily or permanently shutter their doors. SAMS staff has also reported three attacks on health care in East Ghouta during the same period.",4
273,"Following the notification of a Polio case in an eight year old that was never vaccinated from Derre District in Zambezia, UNICEF supported the implementation of a door-to-door campaign, mainly in the areas of social mobilization, vaccine supply and technical support for service delivery.",4
7144,"In Madagascar, despite rich biodiversity and diverse agricultural products, 76 per cent of the population fall below the minimum dietary energy requirements of 2,133 kcals per day. The prevalence of chronic malnutrition among children under five years of age is among the highest in the world while the prevalence of poverty in rural areas is above 80 per cent. Limited investment in agriculture and in rural areas are among the chief causes of poverty and food and nutrition insecurity in Madagascar.",1
1794,"? On March 10, the Nigerian military expressed concern about the presence of unexploded ordnance in northeastern Nigeria, which pose significant protection risks to civilian populations. IEDs located on agricultural land, paths, and roads have resulted in civilian deaths in Borno and Yobe in recent months, the UN reports. On March 6, local residents in Borno’s Dikwa LGA encountered an IED while gathering firewood, resulting in at least seven civilian deaths. Relief actors have called for demining activities across affected areas in northeastern Nigeria to mitigate the risk of death or injury due to IEDs.",9
9602,"The 2017/18 October to December Vuli and October to May Msimu seasons are underway, characterized by land preparation and planting. Msimu production, which makes up around 70 percent of total national production, is expected to be average. Poor households in these southern unimodal areas are expected to maintain Minimal (IPC Phase 1) throughout the projection period.Some poor households in northern bimodal and central unimodal areas are expected to remain Stressed (IPC Phase 2) through February. These households depleted stocks from the previous below-average season around September and face difficulty purchasing both sufficient food and inputs for the ongoing season. However, food access has improved somewhat for these poor households, who are accessing early season agricultural labor opportunities and purchasing food at average prices.",3
10151,"Limited or absent basic services, displacements from South Sudan and returnees to the area who had left at the onset of the Abyei crisis resulted in continued significant humanitarian needs in the Abyei Area. United Nations agencies, funds and programmes and non-governmental organizations continued to provide humanitarian and recovery assistance to 163,000 vulnerable people",1
3514,"Apart from the above, the modalities of delivery are not appropriates, there is poor leadership and monitoring of the delivery systems. Furthermore receiving of 10 kgs per person instead of 13 kgs per person is unjustifiable plus each family is asked to bring an empty bottle to collect cooking oil. The sack bags of maize as well as gallons of cooking oil are taken by the distributers instead of giving the owners who are the refugees. Finally the food that is been distributed is mostly in bad shape e.g the beans, maize are weevilled, soya flour has worms and threads plus the beans take long time to cook ( the whole days from morning to evening). They also receive chipere which is not part not their diet",3
5864,"In the vast majority of people I interviewed, pro-government forces targeted women who were perceived to be associated with the opposition. Being a relief worker or having a picture of the Syrian opposition’s flag on a phone was enough to be considered as such – or even being a relative of an activist or a member of an armed group. Women who were not involved in any kind of political activity but who lived in opposition neighborhoods were also considered pro-opposition.",9
7476,• Education: Education services are reportedly very limited in the North Line sub-districts and in the East Line area on the east side of the Euphrates. Formal primary schools and nurseries are reportedly accessible in nearly all communities in the West Line and in other communities on the west side of the Euphrates. Secondary and intermediary education is difficult to access across the governorate,2
11527,"With six weeks of declining numbers and only a handful of confirmed cases reported in recent weeks, the critical phase of Nigeria’s largest-ever Lassa fever outbreak is under control, according to the World Health Organization (WHO). However, Nigeria is endemic for Lassa fever and people could be infected throughout the year, making continued efforts to control any new flare ups crucial. ",4
884,"Indiscriminate attacks in Bria have left some 136 people dead and 36 wounded, with 600 houses burned and an additional 180 looted. These are conservative estimates.  People fleeing the violence speak of having witnessed brutal attacks, killings, robberies, lootings and kidnappings.",10
1957,"On 18 June 2017, the Nigeria Federal Ministry of Health notified WHO of an outbreak of hepatitis E in the north-east Borno State. A cluster of 12 cases of acute jaundice syndrome was detected on 3 May 2017 in Damasak town in Mobbor Local Government Area (LGA), located at the border with the Republic of Niger where an outbreak of hepatitis E is ongoing. Four out of nine biological samples obtained from the initial cases tested positive for hepatitis E virus at a virology laboratory in Lagos, thus confirming the outbreak. In a related event, a total of 41 suspected cases of hepatitis E were reported from Ngala LGA, bordering Cameroon. As of 17 June 2017, a total of 53 suspected hepatitis E cases with no fatality have been reported from Damasak and Ngala LGAs. At least three pregnant women were among these cases. The ages of the affected persons ranged from 6 to 35 years",4
3464,"he capital city’s overloaded drainage system will struggle to cope with the rainy season this year, putting as many as 18 locations at risk of flooding, officials warn.",11
6897,"Conditioning the processing of a permit request with the attendance of a personal interview with the Israeli security services has become a common practice for the Israeli permit application. The interview then results in either approval of the permit request, rejection, or as has recently been common, detention. According to Al Mezan’s monitoring and documentation, since 1 January 2017, the Israeli authorities at Erez have detained 17 Palestinians, including six patients and patient companions, four traders, and seven individuals crossing to the West Bank before transiting to Jordan.",9
11484,"According to the World Bank, significant gender disparities persist across the country. Myanmar is ranked 85 out of 187 on the Gender Inequality Index, with only half of women in the workforce, compared to 85 per cent of men. The challenges faced by women are particularly pronounced in remote and conflict-affected areas, where women and girls are exposed to various forms of gender-based violence, trafficking and discrimination, including customary laws that inhibit land tenure, property ownership and inheritance. ",9
3957,The country's Ministry of Health reported 472 suspected dengue cases since the outbreak began in late March and samples have been sent to a laboratory for testing.  Eighteen people in Kiribati have been hospitalised and a nine-year-old child has died from the mosquito-borne illness.,4
10101,"Grave violations against children in the context of the fighting have been reported. An inter-cluster mission to the Kimbi area in July 2017 documented reports of rape and sexual violence by both parties, recruitment and use of children by the CNPSC, and the alleged occupation of at least one school by the Forces Armées de la République Démocratique du Congo (FARDC). Moreover, insecurity caused by the fighting resulted in restrictions on the movement of humanitarian actors, disrupting the delivery of much-needed assistance.",2
11355,"The Kenyan Ministry of Health has reported an outbreak of chikungunya in the coastal city of Mombasa. The outbreak started in mid-December 2017 when clinicians observed an increasing number of cases of an undiagnosed febrile illness, presenting with very high fever, joint pains and general body weakness, and testing negative for malaria and sometimes dengue fever. On 13 December 2017, health authorities collected eight blood specimens from two private hospitals in Mombasa and submitted these to the Kenya Medical Research Institute (KEMRI) Arboviral Laboratory in Nairobi. Four out of the eight specimens (50%) tested positive for chikungunya virus infection. In addition, two specimens were positive for both chikungunya and dengue virus (co-infection). On 21 December 2017, a national rapid response team was deployed to conduct further investigations. The team collected an additional 32 blood specimens from suspected cases, which were shipped to KEMRI on 4 January 2018. Test results released from KEMRI on 11 January 2018 indicated that 27 of the 32 specimens tested positive for chikungunya on polymerase chain reaction. As of 8 January 2018, a total of 45 suspected cases of chikungunya and no deaths have been documented. All six sub-counties in Mombasa have reported cases, namely Mvita, Kisauni, Nyali, Changamwe, Jomvu, and Likoni. Most of the cases are from the island of Mvita.",4
9948,"The collapse of government services, currency deflation, price inflation, and unemployment have exacerbated food insecurity among conflict-affected and displaced populations in the GCA and the NGCA, according to the UN. The total number of food-insecure individuals in the Donbas Region of eastern Ukraine—consisting of the Luhansk and Donetsk oblasts—had increased from an estimated 620,000 people in March to approximately 1.2 million people as of September, according to a recent food security assessment by the Food Security and Livelihoods Cluster. The figure includes approximately 150,000 severely food-insecure people in the NGCA.? Populations along the contact line report that excessive distance to markets was the main challenge to obtaining food commodities, according to a USAID/OFDA partner. The number of people employing negative coping strategies, such as missing meals or reducing portions, in the NGCA increased from approximately 40 percent in 2016 to nearly 90 percent in 2017.",5
10882,"The cumulative number of cases stands at 58 524, including 812 deaths, in 15 regions across the country. The overall case-fatality rate of 1.4% remains above the emergency threshold of 1%. However, the cholera outbreak which started in January 2017 is slowing down, thanks to timely interventions by WHO, national health authorities and health partners.",4
5591,"As result of UNHCR and other humanitarian actors’ regular visits to Lasu, dozens of refugees are returning to the refugee settlement. However, the movement of warring parties to the hide-out locations of refugees has created fear among the refugees as lootings, rapes, harassment have been reported by refugees. UNHCR has begun protection advocacy with both parties to the conflict so that they leave Lasu settlement as a “free zone”.",9
10211,"A BBC camera crew reporting in China was attacked and later forced by police to apologise and sign a confession for trying to conduct an “illegal interview”, one of its reporters has said.John Sudworth, a journalist with the BBC, and his team were attempting to interview a villager in rural China who claims her father was killed during a land dispute with the government. As they walked towards her house, a group of men blocked their way, pushed Sudworth and smashed and snatched the crew’s cameras.After the BBC’s cameras were smashed, the crew left the village but were chased and surrounded by 20 men whom the journalists described as “thugs”. Uniformed police and two members of the local government later arrived and “under the threat of further violence”, BBC reporters were forced to sign a confession apologising for “behaviour causing a bad impact” and delete some of the footage.While the assault and being forced to sign a confession are unusual, the BBC journalists were treated comparatively lightly compared with Yang and others like her. Yang was due to travel to Beijing to petition the central government to intervene in her dispute with local authorities.",9
1587,"Uganda's ministry for agriculture said on Sunday it had detected bird flu in two locations, one affecting wild birds and another hitting domestic birds, but it did not say whether it was a strain that has spread across Europe and the Middle East.",4
5413,"Human Rights Watch on Monday accused Jordan of 'summarily deporting' Syrian refugees despite possible risks of harm to them in their war-torn country. Jordan hosts hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees who have fled a six-year war in their home country. 'Jordanian authorities have been summarily deporting Syrian refugees - including collective expulsions of large families,' HRW said.",9
8968,"The UN High Commissioner for Refugees released figures on April 13 estimating that about 13,700 Syrians had been evicted in 2017. Those figures include not only the 3,664 municipal evictions, but also evictions for failure to pay rent and other disputes with landlords or landlord choices, as well as “safety and security” evictions. Lebanon’s Ministry of Social Affairs also reported to Human Rights Watch that 7,524 Syrians were evicted from the vicinity of the Rayak air base in 2017 and another 15,126 still have pending eviction orders.",10
3292,"The National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine, on 15 March, terminated the movement of all commercial cargo across the ‘contact line.’ Although movement of humanitarian cargo and private vehicles are the exceptions to this rule, there are concerns over possible disruptions of humanitarian deliveries, and additional hardship for civilians. According to the Ukrainian Government, this decision will be cancelled only once the Minsk agreement is fully implemented and enterprises ‘seized’ by de facto authorities are returned under Ukrainian jurisdiction. Meanwhile, on 11 March, de facto authorities in Donetsk stated that the ‘contact line’ is a ‘State border’ and imposed some additional bureaucratic checks on UN vehicles moving across the frontline.",6
2641,"Humanitarian needs in Niger continue to be immense as a result of lasting food insecurity, high global malnutrition of children under age five and the displacement of people fleeing the conflicts in neighbouring Mali* and Nigeria*. Successive food crises, extreme poverty, displacement and rapid population growth continue to erode people’s resilience. Even in good agricultural years, between 4 and 5 million Nigeriens experience food shortages.",3
9740,"Incidents of GBV continue to be reported, predominantly in IDP sites - in October a spike in incidents was recorded among IDP in Dinsoor, Hudur and Baidoa. Ongoing assessments, also building on the CCCM Detailed Site Assessments, aim to identify sites at heightened risk, to prioritise the response.",9
6103,"The Dollo Somali region of Ethiopia borders Somalia and Kenya. Due to its proximity to the Somali border, it has received refugees who fled Somalia due to war related persecution during 2009 and 2010 while refugees due to drought related reasons crossed into Ethiopia during 2012 and 2013. The state of Ethiopia is signatory to the 1951 UN convention. The state department ARRA and UNHCR Sub Office in Melkadida undertakes joint registration of refugees in the Dollo region. There are five camps in the region namely Melkadida, Buramino, Hilaweyn, Kobe and Bokolmayo, as shown in the Fig 1.   Fig. 1   The combined registered population of all the camps is 210,930 individuals (98,248 M and 112,682 F) comprising 39,123 households. The main areas of origin for these refugees include Gedo, Bay and Bakol. Majority of the refugees are Muslims of Sunni denomination.   ARRA, UNHCR and partners are providing basic needs and services to the refugees living in camps since their onset. In order to plan for different sectoral interventions and also use consultative approach for prioritization of interventions, ARRA, UNHCR and partners undertake annual   8    consultations through PA. These discussions provide qualitative information such as issues concerning refugees, their perspectives and suggestions. In 2016, PA was conducted with the support of 17 organizations. In order to complement the findings of the PA, the quantitative data from different assessments such as education assessment2, HIS3 (Health Information System) and other sources such as registration data by UNHCR, return intention survey data were also used for the purposes of analysis in this report.  ",1
4982,"A cylone dumped heavy rains in the Philippine capital, Manila, and nearby provinces on Tuesday, causing widespread flooding and landslides in some areas that killed at least two people, the national disaster agency said. Financial markets, government offices and schools were closed and port operations in some provinces were suspended, it said. Several flights were cancelled.",2
3789,"In week 14, there were 33 (compared to 43 cases in week 13) new suspected measles cases bringing the total for 2018 up to 1148 cases. Measles sampling strategy to assess viral transmission has been finalized and is scheduled to begin by mid-April. ? In week 14, there were 98 cases of AJS, bringing total for AJS in 2018 up to 1,691 cases. ? In week 14, there were 4827 AWD cases, bringing total for AWD in 2018 up to 68,628 cases. One field investigation was conducted in response to an AWD alert. The investigation and risk assessment were completed in less than 48 hours. ? In week 14, there were 2 suspected meningitis bringing total for suspected meningitis in 2018 up to 42 cases. ? In week 14, there were 3 suspected hemorrhagic fever bringing total for suspected hemorrhagic fever in 2018 up to 67 cases",4
4650,"Summary of causes, the situation and the key issue: The most hazard and risks affecting food security situation as follows: ? Dry spells is affecting production areas in (Darfur, Gedaref, Kassala and North Kordofan). ? Agricultural pests (Crowd Worm) in parts of the of Gedaref, Blue Nile and Sennar states. ? Entranced of Animals in some production areas especially in West Darfour. ? Shortage of water requirement for some cops in some areas (graph1). ? Weak agricultural policies and, no announcement of incentive price for producers. ? High food prices. ? Fodder gap estimated at 6 million tons in Kassala state. ? Entry numbers of refugees from neighboring countries. ? Shortage and poor quality of drinking water. ? Spread of diseases and high rates of malnutrition",11
7038,"Cholera: During week 34, the threshold of 1 500 cases per week was reached with a total of 1 551 cases and 12 deaths (CFR 0.8%) affecting 41 health zones. This threshold was reached for the last time in 2002, at week 8 (1 726 cases), during the rainy season. The majority of new cases are being reported in South Kivu, North Kivu, Haut Lomami and Kwilu.",4
8285,"At least 38 people have been killed by Cyclone Enawo that struck Madagascar this week, according to an official of the country's disaster management department.More than 116,000 people have been directly affected by the cyclone.153,000 people have been displaced by storm waters. ",9
11126,"Estimation of food insecure populations Liberia March-May 2017  IPC :3 979 647,  IPC 2: 203 885,  IPC 3:13 900 ",3
8057,"Six months into the military operation to retake Mosul City from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), civilians continue to have significant humanitarian needs. These needs are most severe among displaced families, both in and out of camps, and vulnerable residents in newly accessible areas.  On 19 February, Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) resumed military operations to retake western Mosul from ISIL. The humanitarian impact has been significant. Since the new offensive began, approximately 330,000 people from west Mosul have been displaced to camps and emergency sites as of 18 April, according to the Government of Iraq.",2
2019,"Nearly 1,200 people have died in the latest outbreak and there are more than 172,000 suspected cases in the crisis-torn country, according to the World Health Organization (WHO).",4
6733,The governor said the 201st Selab Military Corps had delivered first aid to victims through aircraft on Monday morning. A rescue operation by a medical team is still ongoing. ,7
1848,"She said some villagers had since gone back to check on their homes and farms, only to find these had been looted and trashed.",5
10985,"The editor of El Baath weekly newspaper was summoned by security services in Khartoum on Monday and questioned about an interview with the head of the Justice and Equality Movement, Dr Jibril Ibrahim.The Sudanese Journalists Network says that the Sudanese press is still facing real problems, most importantly by the state’s prior and pre-censorship of newspapers and violations of journalists' rights.Speaking on the occasion of World Press Freedom Day on May 3 , the network confirmed the rise in the violations against the press in 2016 and predicted a rise during the last half of this year.Hassan Barkiya, the member of the Journalists' Network told Radio Dabanga that the Sudanese press is facing real problems, including authoritarian interventions by the state and structural problems related to the press institutions themselves and the press industry.He said that the press is working in an unfavourable legal and political environment that restricts press freedom, hinders the work of newspapers, and poses a threat to the press.He explained that the real dilemma is the government’s interference with censorship including the confiscation of newspapers.",9
4588,"The DRC has experienced a humanitarian crisis for so many years now that the acute nature of the situation is often overlooked. In 2016, there were more than 1.7 million displaced people in the country. ",9
4030," Disease outbreaks continue to be reported in the country with ten (10) new cholera cases reported in Dadaab Refugee Complex between 2 and 17 April – two cases each in Dagahley and Hagadera and six in Ifo 2 camps. Cases were referred and treated/managed at the Cholera Treatment Centers set up in the camp health facilities, and discharged. All the cases were from the recently arrived refugees from Somalia. In Lamu County, an upsurge of Acute Watery Diarrhea (AWD) cases was reported in Mpeketoni Division, with a total of 27 cases line-listed, including one hospitalbased death and three community deaths. Laboratory specimens were shipped to National Public Health Laboratories (NPHLs) for testing and confirmation of causative organism. Cholera outbreak in Tana River County is still active.",4
9764,"The situation is getting out of control, as the number of people infected is rapidly increasing in the areas of El Gezira Aba, Kosti, and Rabak,”The hospitals in southern White Nile state are overcrowded with cholera patients, which prompted the health authorities to make use of schools and other facilities to treat the people. In cholera-stricken Rabak, the Maaz Bin Jebel School has been transformed into a makeshift-clinic.",4
4067,"The report said 1,178 suspected dengue patients visited government hospitals in the province during the last 24 hours and 185 of them tested positive for the mosquito-borne fever.",11
3709,"Around 3.4 million need nutrition assistance An estimated 3.4 million people (children aged 6 59 months and pregnant and lactating women) require nutrition assistance in Adamawa, Borno and Yobe. Of these, around 450,000 children aged 6 59 months will suffer from severe acute malnutrition. In January, 2,731 children were treated for severe acute malnutrition. Humanitarian Response in the north-east | Monthly Briefing No. 1 | 2 United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) Coordination Saves Lives | www.unocha.org/nigeria 2 Seventy-nine per cent of them recovered while 14 per cent dropped out of treatment, five per cent did not survive ",8
2761,"There are indications that insufficient or inaccurate information about security and the services available is being provided to people, suggesting that many returns are not fully informed. This includes inaccurate information that there are no longer security concerns, that agricultural opportunities are available (particularly in Gwoza LGA) and that there are no restrictions on freedom of movement in Borno state. All people on the move should receive accurate and impartial information about the situation in the place of arrival.",9
1445,"as a nutrition assessment carried out across refugee sites in White Nile State (October 2016) identified a Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) rate higher than 15 per cent, as well as a Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM) prevalence of over 2 per cent (critical).",8
4965,"Cumulatively, since Epi week one, 75 Acute Flaccid Paralysis cases have been reported, of which, 73 (97.3%) have tested negative for poliovirus and 2 (2.7%) are pending laboratory confirmation",4
4907,"Following the Bureau of Statistics (BoS) crop assessment in March, heavy rains, flash flooding, and hailstorms are reported to have damaged crops and livestock and destroyed housing in Quthing, Mafeteng, Mohale’s Hoek and Thaba-theka districts. Although the official results from the 2018 BoS crop assessment have not yet been released, preliminary findings indicated that 2018 production will be below 2017 production levels.  Most poor households are experiencing Minimal (IPC Phase 1) food insecurity because they are accessing food from their early harvests, making purchases, and earning in-kind payments from harvest-related labor. Nonetheless, opportunities for on-farm labor have been affected by the reduced production this season, especially in areas where crops were damaged from the hailstorm. From June-September Stressed (IPC Phase 2) area outcomes are projected as food security is expected to deteriorate among poor households that experienced a below-normal harvest.",3
4064,"Gu rainfall started two weeks late and has been below average in all areas except the northeast. April rainfall deficits led to crop wilting in areas with rainfed agriculture, causing many farmers to replant. While rainfall in late April/early May led to seed germination, reduced yields are likely due to early season losses and erratic precipitation during Gu. Pasture and water resources have begun to improve with the rains, and livestock body conditions and value are expected to slowly increase through June.",5
7261,"The Sengwer, a tribe living in the forests of western Kenya, say they have faced a fresh round of evictions by Kenyan authorities to pave the way for a European Union-funded project to protect water catchment areas in the regionSome 100 Kenya Forest Service (KFS) guards started evicting Sengwer people from the Embobut forest on Dec. 29, activists said, in a case that illustrates tensions between indigenous people’s land rights and conservation projects.“They took a six-year-old boy and went around burning houses with him after his mother fled. They left him in the forest at night alone,” Milka Chepkorir, an activist from the community, said at a news conference in Nairobi on Thursday.The KFS said it was not aware of any evictions during the Christmas and New Year period, a position that was corroborated by Kenya’s environment ministry.“Some people have been trying to erect structures in the forest illegally and we’ve heightened our surveillance,” Dedan Nderitu, KFS head of conservancy in the North Rift region, told Thomson Reuters Foundation by phone.",9
6505,"According to the Multiple Indicator Cluster Survey, there is a dire shortage of nutritious food, resulting in children suffering from acute malnutrition. 67 percent of children under five are anaemic. In children under the age of five, rates of severe acute malnutrition stood at 2.6 percent; global acute malnutrition at 8.2 percent; stunting at 21.2 percent; and underweight at 12.3 percent.",8
7439,"Shoombe said the outbreak was first reported in the Oshana Region last month, and then spread to Oshana, Oshikoto, Omusati and Ohangwena. Although there is no evidence that lumpy skin disease can be transmitted to humans, Shoombe advised people not to eat the meat of sick cattle.",4
4157,"? As of March 1, health actors had recorded 34 suspected meningitis cases, including 15 related deaths, in Torit County’s Imvrok and Iyire payams, Eastern Equatoria, according to the UN World Health Organization (WHO). Approximately 95 percent of the population in Torit ages 1–29 years received meningitis vaccinations during a national campaign in 2016. However, relief actors report limited health services in the affected area and note that some households in the county are hesitant to seek assistance at health care facilities due to a preference for traditional medicine. Relief organizations are coordinating with local health authorities to scale up response efforts in Torit",4
10248,"Measles:This outbreak is ongoing since the beginning of 2017. As of week 8 in 2018, a total of 48 326 cases including 563 deaths (CFR 1.2%) have been reported since the start of the outbreak. In 2018 only, 3 404 cases including 30 deaths (0.9%), were reported.",4
7717,"To date, UN agencies and Libyan and international partners have provided life-saving assistance including tents, hygiene items, winter clothing, water and food. In addition, health care support and equipment are also being provided through the Ministry of Health. But the harsh conditions and shortages of basic necessities continue to prevail on Tawergha families.",1
11417,"Some WASH partners are facing challenges in accessing the most-affected communities due to security risks or because of bureaucratic impediments. Visa constraints continue to hinder some experts from coming into the country. Escalation of violence in Yemen affects many areas, limiting further access of health partners to provide health services to Yemeni people.  Blockage of borders and the halt of delivery of humanitarian aid into Yemen has devastating effects on the response to cholera in country with probable lack of medical supplies needed to respond to the epidemic in the coming weeks.",11
5099,"School children need food and water every day and the teachers need incentives every month to stay in school and teach. It is currently estimated that in Puntland 70% of school children do not have access to safe drinking water and 80% do not have access to food provision. In Somaliland 41% of school children do not have access to safe water and 77% have no access to food provision. In Central and Southern regions, an estimated 90% of schools do not have access to safe drinking water.",11
2905,"Twenty-four people died and 100 others were injured in a car bomb explosion at the gate of an Imambargah in Parachinar, 250 kilometres west of Peshawar, on Friday 1 April. Majority of the dead and injured were women and children.",9
5481,"Cholera has resurfaced in three health districts in the province of South Kivu, following three months without any reported cases. The areas of Uvira, Nundu and Fizi recorded 228 cases since 13 February, including one death in Fizi. Health and WASH actors are closely monitoring the outbreak and working on a response plan.  ",4
5009,"• The re-intensification of hostilities on 4 May between the Iraqi Security Forces and the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) continues to have an impact on the humanitarian situation in western Mosul city. Many families fleeing newly retaken areas of western Mosul city to Hammam al Alil transit through the Badoush mustering point, northeast of Mosul city along the Syrian Highway, and the Yarmouk/Risala mustering point. At these mustering points, humanitarian partners are providing emergency assistance, including readyto-eat food, water, shading, sanitation facilities and medical services. ",3
11908,"Estimation of food insecure populations March-May 2017 IPC1: 26 546 594 , IPC 2:1 839 306 , IPC 3:159 523",3
9365,"As food reserves deplete and livestock body conditions decline, the ongoing long dry season in southern and southeastern pastoral areas is likely to be characterized by sustained and increasing vulnerability – especially in view of a possible pipeline break for food aid and nutrition support in July. In farming areas, belg harvests are expected to be below average due to poor rainfall, while the production of meher crops is threatened by the rapid spread of a devastating new crop pest, the fall armyworm.  ",3
10309,"Hundreds of South Sudanese refugees have been pouring into a new administrative camp on the border with South Kordofan – latest counts reflect 20,000 people.Gadim Babakir Adam, the Commissioner of Abu Jubeiha locality in South Kordofan gave reporters this figure yesterday, and described the humanitarian situation of refugees fleeing famine from South Sudan as difficult. He called for urgent and emergency humanitarian interventions",1
1046,"At least 1,500 shelters have been damaged in Djibouti town alone, impacting at least 7,000 people, and this number is expected to rise as assessments continue.Families whose homes have been damaged are seeking assistance at community development centres (CDCs), where the State Secretariat of Social Affairs (SEAS) has initiated distribution of assistance. These families are the highest priority for assistance, as many lost most or all of their belongings. Tents, non-food items (NFI) and food have been identified as immediate needs.",10
7592,"56,605 children displaced. Among the recently displaced people by the Mosul emergency, 35% are school aged. The feared displacement in Western Mosul may double this figure.",2
10591,"More than a quarter of maize plantations in Embu County have been destroyed by the armyworm.County Director of Agriculture John Ndwiga said 5,500 out of 20,000 hectares of the crop had been affected.He said the infestation is mainly in Ugweri and parts of Mbeere.Food and Agriculture Organisation (Fao) Embu County programme officer Patrick Marangu said the situation poses a threat to food security.Mr Ndwiga said there could be massive crop failure in the region due to the infestation.In Turima Location, Tharaka Sub-County, farmers told Nation on Tuesday that they had lost hope of any maize harvest and asked the county government to interveneMs Lucy Kagendo, a resident, said they had sprayed the pest using various pesticides without success.At the same time, more than 5,000 acres of the maize crop in Isiolo County have been destroyed by the worm.",0
2134,"Food insecurity remains a challenge as the humanitarian situation deteriorates, with 637,000 people in Libya in need of food assistance and essential agricultural livelihoods assistance. The August 2017 FAO Agriculture and Livelihoods Assessment shows that farming, livestock and fisheries have suffered with production declining due to insecurity, high costs, and limited access to or lack of agricultural inputs (seed, livestock vaccines & drugs, fertilizers, farm tools, animal feed, machinery rents, and fuel for irrigation pumps).",3
5787,"Protect an estimated six million people at risk of communicable disease outbreaks, with a focus on AWD and scabies, through effective early warning and flexible rapid surge mechanisms, including case management to support the Government health system response.Acute Watery Diarrhoea (AWD): Since January 2017, 48,592 AWD cases were reported across the country. Over the past two weeks, the highest number of new AWD cases were reported from Somali (28 cases) and Amhara (22 cases) regions. Afar, Benishangul-Gumuz, Oromia regions and Dire Dawa City Council are also reporting cases. Overall, the AWD outbreak is showing a downward trend with a decrease in number of cases reported from 115 in the second week of November to 62 in the thrid week of November. However, Holy Water Sites continue to present a risk for disease sprea. More than 200,000 people from all over the country congregate per event. With maintained prevention and control effort, AWD is expected to continue this downward trend. Continued access to safe water is critical in the CTCs and CTUs.Dengue: Suspect dengue cases were reported in Liben zone of Somali region and Dire Dawa City Council. ? Zonal sector and inter-sector coordination in zones affected by recent conflict and hosting conflict-IDPs need to be strengthened.",4
11046,"At the clinic, Dr. Ahmed Yunis said ailments included fever, diarrhoea, parasite infections and stomach pains. There were 300 consultations a morning, and from 15 to 100 in the evening.  Asked if they had supplies and equipment, he said: 'Right now we don't have any problems. We don't know about the future.'",4
11444,"The Ministry of Agriculture has advised farmers in flood prone areas to move their animals, machinery and tools to higher ground and secure sheds",7
1659,"Two new suspected chemical attacks were recorded during the reporting period: one by pro-government forces against against opposition fighters in Eastern Ghouta, and the other by ISIS against opposition fighters in the Southern Damascus Suburbs.",9
442,"Suspected bandits Thursday evening attacked a vehicle belonging to Mercy Corps, a non-governmental organisation, in West Pokot injuring one person.",6
9587,"The worms' presence in Rwanda was confirmed in early March. Telesphore Ndabamenye, head of crop production and food security at the Rwanda Agriculture Board, told Reuters the pests had damaged about 10,600 hectares of maize crop out a total 63,000.",3
10340,"Smugglers abuse migrants to maintain control and maximize profits. “People are being abused and raped en route so that their families will pay more…Some people are paying as little as $100 U.S., but then en route they are tortured, they are abused, their families are made aware of this and are forced to pay $1,000 or to $2,000 more,” Headon said.",9
2687,"Under the current circumstances, it is not possible to accurately determine how many people remain in the three northern townships of Maungdaw, Buthidaung and Rathedaung. The Government authorized the Red Cross Movement to operate in northern Rakhine, but it has denied most UN and INGO staff access to the affected areas. It has also denied access for an international Fact Finding Mission established by the Human Rights Council.",1
4513,"The present map shows the storm damage grade assessment in the area of Basseterre (Saint Kitts and Nevis). The thematic layer has been derived from post-event satellite image by means of visual interpretation. The estimated geometric accuracy is 5 m CE90 or better, from native positional accuracy of the background satellite image.",10
4348,"Following the damage sustained by the fuel and gas pipelines, the UN was forced to temporarily interrupt the distribution of emergency fuel to 220 critical health, water and sanitation, and solid waste facilities, after exhausting its reserves inside Gaza. Only about one quarter of the 936,000 litres planned for May were distributed. To avoid a collapse of essential services, especially as hospitals are consuming emergency fuel provisions at much higher rates than usual, an alternative arrangement for the entry of fuel for hospitals and other critical facilities is currently being explored by the UN and authorities managing the crossing.",11
1099,"– Voicing concern over the impact of deteriorating security and humanitarian situation on the lives some 400,000 people trapped in eastern Ghouta in Syria, a United Nations spokesperson today underlined the need to ensure that humanitarians have unrestricted access to the affected areas.",9
1309,"There is also a risk of increasing the incidence of water-borne infectious diseases (cholera, acute diarrhea) in areas affected if sanitation facilities are not rehabilitated .",4
2312,Outbreak responses in affected States led by the State Ministries of Health with support from NCDC and partners.,4
1442,"South Sudan is facing the worst food insecurity levels seen since 2010. Food availability is being affected by cereal production deficits, extreme inflation (900%), insecurity, economic crisis and largescale population displacement, as well as by poor regional food supplies. The country is now approaching peak lean season, when a record over five million people are expected to be food insecure. Of greatest concern are the states of Northern Bahr el Ghazal and Unity, as well as areas of Jonglei, Eastern Equatoria and Central Equatoria. A report from the Famine Early Warning Systems Network released on 25 January gives a very bleak outlook for South Sudan in 2017, with some areas at risk of reaching levels of food insecurity associated with famine. In order to save lives it is essential that humanitarian access to key affected areas is improved.",3
2650,"In the Lake Chad Basin, the security crisis exacerbates the challenges faced by vulnerable farmers and herders, already affected by climate hazards over the past decade.  Herders bear a heavy burden because of the crisis, as their livelihoods are severely affected or even destroyed. Livestock have been deliberately killed, looted by insurgents or abandoned by herders fleeing violence.  In 2017, the early start of the pastoral lean season - with water points and pastures drying out – has further deteriorated livestock body conditions. In areas where 70 to 80 percent of the livestock is transhumant, fodder availability is essential. The inaccessibility of some grazing areas and border closures had already weakened animal health, and heighten tensions between herders and farmers, even before the dry season.  The ability of herders to continue their pastoral livelihoods is threatened, and severe income losses have a direct impact on food and nutrition security.  In response to these critical needs, FAO and Belgium join forces to preserve the livelihoods of more than 17 000 people dependent on livestock in Cameroon and Chad, in the Far North and Lake Regions respectively.",5
6113,There are concerns that unsolicited donations of breast-milk substitutes could jeopardize breast-feeding practices and increase the risk of illness due to contamination when using unsafe water   preparing the formula.  ,8
4615,"The disaster profile, which indicates that 22 of the country’s 28 districts have so far been affected, also shows that 498 hectares of crop fields, mainly maize and cassava, were washed away due to floods and stormy rains in several districts, including Ntcheu, Nkhata Bay and Mchinji and several school blocks, health centres, churches and mosques, among others, had their roofs blown off too.",2
2036,"As a result, the local council stopped distributing food parcels to nearly half of the 40,000 residents in the besieged town, which received its first UN-sponsored aid delivery in five months on March 14. ",3
11072,"During the reporting period, the country task force verified 17 incidents of recruitment and use that affected 71 children. The total number of verified cases increased by 20 per cent in comparison with the period covered by the previous country report, which covered a time span of almost identical length. The majority of the children were used as human shields in two separate incidents; Fifteen children were used by the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters in one incident, and 32 were used by the Moro National Liberation Front in the other. ",9
1383,WHO has received reports from the Sabha medical center on recent kidnapping of one of its doctors.Attacks on health facilities and medical staff negatively affect health care delivery and deprive civilians in need from receiving health services.,4
6204,"Following these incidents, several humanitarian organisations suspended part or all of their activities in Eastern Ghouta. The local section of the Civil Defence issued a statement on 8 May highlighting the increasing number of incidents affecting its workers and holding responsible the armed opposition groups involved in the clashes. On 14 May, the “Unified Medical Bureau in East Ghouta” issued a statement that it would halt all but vital activities in the area until they received guarantees that their staff would be safe. It further called for the dismantling of checkpoints set up during the clashes by the armed groups which further restrict the ability to deliver medical assistance in Eastern Ghouta, impacting residents’ enjoyment of the right to health.",4
11460,"The sectors (food security and agriculture; livelihoods; health; water, sanitation and hygiene; education; shelter; and protection, including gender-based violence and child protection) found that the gap in food assistance remains particularly high across the board. Other significant gaps include the supply and replenishment of potable water, sanitation and hygiene products; livelihood opportunities; and information on the delivery of needed assistance and on when people can return to their homes. The report will be regularly updated to reflect the current situation and ongoing response.",5
7079,"All internally displaced person (IDP) camps in Arakan State should be closed down—that is the recommendation of the commission tasked with investigating the problems in the conflict-marred region. Salamé acknowledged that all the IDPs “can’t all of a sudden go back to where they used to live,” but that the government should prepare a comprehensive strategy aimed at closing all camps. He added: “In particular, we would like them to go back in the state and environment where they don’t feel any fear, and also don’t constitute any fear for others.”",10
619,"The four most affected governorates were Amanat Al Asimah, Hajjah, Amran, and Al Hudaydah, with 53.1% (34 685/65 357) of the cases reported since 27 April 2017. Al Mahwit governorate had still the highest attacks rate (55.8 per 10 000), followed by Sana’a governorate (49.9 per 10,000) (see table 1 and figure 2).  ",4
11979,"An estimated 2,400 persons in need of international protection are currently detained in Libya.",9
6814," People in Blue Nile State have suffered from a scarcity of health, water, and education services that has caused a number of herdsmen to return to South Sudan in search of pasture and water.",11
1598,"The humanitarian situation in Colombia remains an issue of concern. It has been exacerbated in the last weeks by the end of the ceasefire with the ELN (National Liberation Army), which has led to an escalation in armed actions in different parts of the country, particularly at the border with Venezuela. On 27 and 28 January, three bombings targeting police outposts killed seven policemen and wounded 47 more in the city of Barranquilla and its surrounding area (Northern Colombia). The urban front of ELN has claimed responsibility for at least one of the three attacks. As a result of these violent episodes, which include bombings, attacks on security forces and kidnapping, over 1 337 people have been forcibly displaced in less than a week and many more are at risk due to clashes between different armed groups (including ELN, paramilitary groups and FARC dissidents) in the departments of Cordoba, Antioquia, Nariño and Boyacá. Over 130 people have reportedly crossed the border to Ecuador.",9
6884,Some 310 families arrived in Kalonda Kibuyu in the eastern Maniema province between 1 and 8 March from neighbouring Tanganyika province where they fled intercommunity clashes that broke out in February. They add to some 640 households who also fled incursions by armed men within Maniema.Humanitarian actors are planning a mission to assess the needs.,10
1753," Sorghum, maize, millet, cowpea, gari (fermented cassava starch), and rice are all found in Nigerian markets. Sorghum, millet and maize are widely consumed by most households, but especially in the north, and are used by various industries. Maize is mainly used by the poultry industry as a raw material for feed while sorghum is used by breweries for producing beverages. Sorghum and millet are important for households in the north, particularly the border markets where millet is also heavily traded with Niger. Gari is widely consumed by households in the south and some in the north. Rice is produced and consumed throughout the country. The north is a major production and consumption area for cowpea which flows to the south for use by households and food processing industries. Ilela, Maiadua, and Damasak are all critical cross-border markets with Niger. Saminaka, Giwa, Dandume, and Kaura Namoda are important grain markets in the north, which are interconnected with the Dawanu market in Kano, the largest wholesale market in West Africa, and some southern markets such as the Bodija market in Ibadan. Millet, sorghum, maize, and cowpea are among the most important cereals traded at Kano, while cassava and some cereals are traded with Ibadan.",3
3374,"Classes have been suspended Wednesday, September 13, in several areas of Luzon and Metro Manila as tropical storm “Maring” continued to dump rains even as it moved out to sea.",2
9138,"'Shelling on the area… that supplies that damn with electricity has put it out of service,' a source at the dam told AFP. 'The work needed to fix the problem is not possible because there is not sufficient staff available as a result of the intensive shelling in the area of the dam.' But the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that the IS-held dam was out of order for unknown reasons. ",7
6593,A huge glacier is reportedly gliding towards a village in Gilgit-Baltistan's Arando area while heavy snowfall has blocked all the roads to the affected region. ,1
10554,"The LNA, made up of regular troops and Saiqa Special Forces is reported to have gained ground in Sabri despite the presences of a large number of mines and IEDs.These, along with accurate sniping,  appear to have been responsible for a large number of the army’s casualties.  ",9
6648,"El Nino events tends to cause enhanced rainfall events in Somalia, generally cool temperatures and lots of run-off, which would be good for both ground and surface water recharge in the country.",11
242,"“The local council gave us some cans of food, but they were used up by the next day.” ",3
6671,"Funding constraints undermine WFP’s capacity to respond to the needs of refugees in the East and South of the country and of Chadian returnees from C.A.R. Most of them receive only half-rations of food assistance. The socio-economic profiling exercise divided beneficiaries into new categories: less vulnerable (13.2 percent), moderately (39.9 percent) and most vulnerable (46.9 percent). The most and moderately vulnerable will continue receiving unconditional assistance and participating to resilience building activities.",3
7668,"An incident of firing was reported from the Iranian jurisdiction near Pak-Iran border at Panjgur, on Saturday. According to the reports, bullets were fired on the check-post of Pakistani forces at Chedgai area of Panjgoor and the security forces retaliated. After considerable exchange of fire, the firing from Iranian side came to end. The security forces said that no loss of human life was reported in the firing. ",9
7461,"Human Rights Watch (HRW) voiced concern about the arbitrary detention of Sudanese activists and called on the government to try or to release them pointing to reports of alleged torture.In a statement released Tuesday, HRW said the Sudanese security service has detained on 6 December a 'human rights activist Rudwan Dawod, a 35-year-old dual Sudanese-American citizen, who visited El Jereif suburb in Khartoum to ' to show solidarity with local community protests against government land expropriations.'He is being held in an unknown location, without access to a lawyer or his family' further reads the statement. “Sudan locks up activists for weeks on end, holds them incommunicado, and subjects them to abuse, including torture,” said Jehanne Henry, senior Africa researcher at Human Rights Watch.The National Intelligence and Security Services (NISS) continue to arrest political and rights activists in Sudan despite the recommendations of the national dialogue conference in October 2016 and government’s commitment to release freedoms before the lift of U.S. sanctions.",9
3157,"The shelter situation particularly for those living in spontaneous sites has worsened significantly with the degradation of already rudimentary shelter solutions. In some locations families are living in caves in the mountains due to security and lack of adequate shelter or in rudimentary emergency shelters in spontaneous sites that lack even the most basic facilities like water, sanitation, health nor offer protection from the extreme heat and rain.",10
1637,"As the vast majority of IDPs reside  in at least partially damaged houses  in  east  Aleppo,  systematic  structural assessments urgently  need to be carried out before any  shelter intervention can take place.  ",10
2884,"Routine EPI coverage is generally low in conflict affected areas due to on-going conflict which has led to looting of cold chain materials and displacement of health workers. According to the HMIS South Sudan of 2016, about 52% of children had received measles vaccine before one year of age, 45% received polio vaccine and 45% of children had received Pentavalent3 before one year of age. Immunity against vaccine preventable diseases is ensured with routine immunization coverage of at least 85%.",4
845,"Over a million children in Mali are currently out of primary school, a 30 per cent increase since 2009. To date, 750 schools remain closed in the northern and central parts of the country due to insecurity, affecting over 300,000 school-aged children. An additional 1 million children are out of secondary school.",2
10513,"The rains and floods in Peru have affected at least 248,000 children; and more than 24,000 children are homeless and living in temporary shelters, according to estimates of Save the Children. ? Since at least about 18,000 homes have collapsed or are uninhabitable, the risk of crime, violence and abuse among the population is increased. ? The existing information does not reflect enough differentiation on the needs of vulnerable groups: children, teenagers, people with disabilities and seniors.",9
7687,Security actors in two of the Jeda’a camps (Ninewa Governorate) have been continuing to confiscate identification documents of families suspected of having links with extremist groups. There have also been reports of security personnel searching through the belongings of some of these families. The confiscation of identification documents and arrest of some of IDPs from Shirqat (Salah al-Din) and Hawiga (Kirkuk) was first reported in late February,9
762,"By the year’s end, the risk of famine persisted, with over half of the country’s 12.4 million population still in need of emergency humanitarian assistance.",3
7609,The main international airport in Kabul has also been closed because of snow and ice on the runway.,6
10751,"While high attendance was reported, communities did raise concerns over access to services for children while at school. They stated that the failure of school water systems and school feeding programme would negatively impact on children’s ability to both attend school and or perform well while at school. Only 62% reported that their school had adequate access to water for all the children. The impact of lack of water in schools was a major discussion point in the FGDs, with concerns that children had to take time to collect water to take to school with them, adding to their daily tasks. Of even greater concern to the communities surveyed was limited or non-operational school feeding programme. Only 16% of households reported that the school feeding programme was operational (and members of the same communities gave different answers to the question). Information gathered from both male and female FGDs shows that all communities rate the lack of feeding programme as one of the main challenges facing the community. This reflects that for 86% of households, their greatest reported concern is that children will be most impacted. ",2
8920,"Socotra: Evacuated and affected people are in need of NFIs, food baskets, shelters, drinking water, medical supply and first aid kits.",11
2877," Tonight, a brutal, often unseen side of this conflict: an epidemic of rape, used as a weapon of war against South Sudan’s women and girls.",9
5865,"160,000 children affected by conflict. 86,000 children affected by school closure. ",2
5472,"Civilians fleeing the violence have not had access to medical care and are malnourished. They thus arrive at the border extremely traumatised with severe medical needs, such as violence-related injuries, infected wounds and obstetric complications.",4
2250,"Agriculture minister Dora Siliya said there were 'initial indications' of this potential production figure, during a Thursday interview in the capital, Lusaka. Zambia will review its ban on exports of the staple if the harvest survey, due for completion by the end of March, shows the country is food secure, she said. An announcement will be made in April.",3
9443,"“These are people who have packed their bags, emptied their bank accounts, sold all their goods and said their goodbyes. Then they hear they are not going to the US after all,” said one aid worker in Nairobi",5
6180,"From January to October 2017, Haiti recorded 11,916 suspected cases of cholera and 118 deaths, compared to 35,203 cases and 369 deaths for the same period in 2016 - a decrease of 66% and 68% respectively. This illustrates the continuation of the downward trend of cholera as a result of the efforts of coordination and response actors, the surveillance system, treatment and vaccination campaigns, especially in the Southern region",4
8157,"As at 12 March, the National Office for the Management of Risks and Crises (BNGRC) reported 295,950 people to have been affected by the cyclone, including 84,660 who remain displaced. The number of deaths due to the storm has risen to 50 with 20 people missing and 195 injured. ",7
6147,PEOPLE IN NEED 8.5M INTERNALLY DISPLACED 1.6M SEVERELY MALNOURISHED CHILDREN 450K SEVERELY FOOD INSECURE 5.2M,3
9675,"As 2016 drew to a close, South India’s combined reservoir levels were 22 percentage points less than the average water availability over the past 10 years. The situation has serious implications for crops like paddy and coconut and will impact milk and sugar production, especially in Karnataka.",3
3342,". Nutrition and water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) practices are sub-optimal, with less than half of the rural population accessing safe drinking water and only 11.3 per cent of the overall population accessing improved sanitation. Half of all children in Eritrea are stunted,5 and as a result, these children are even more vulnerable to malnutrition and disease outbreaks.",4
7854,"The group of 26 young men left Frankfurt late Monday night. The group consisted of convicted criminals and single men, who had been living mainly in Bavaria, Baden-Württemberg and North Rhine-Westphalia.",9
11278,"Its unprecedented cholera outbreak - with more than a million cases - surpasses all other known epidemics of the disease in history, a sign of Yemen's collapsed healthcare system. Around half of the country’s health facilities have stopped working or are dysfunctional.Other diseases, such as diphtheria, are spreading rapidly.",4
4550,"A forest fire swept through central Chile over the weekend, forcing the evacuation of 6 000 people and destroying more than a dozen dwellings, emergency officials said on Monday.",10
2951, Nine months of heavy combat and airstrikes have littered the city with unexploded ordnance including artillery shells and hand grenades. Large sections of Mosul have also reportedly been mined and booby-by extremist groups,9
2295,"The wells are basic, constructed with little regard—or likely any technical knowledge—of appropriate locations.    Some of the makeshift wells are being built directly above what remains of the city’s sewage system, multiple sources told Syria Direct. As a result, raw sewage is leaking into water used for drinking, cooking and cleaning in private homes.",11
838,"In Malawi some 17 000ha have so far been affected while in Namibia, approximately 50 000ha of maize and millet has been damaged.",3
11566,"The failure of flood recession crops, which are normally the primary food source for poor households in the western agropastoral zone, accentuates the region’s production deficit. In the rest of the country, the agricultural situation remains close to that of an average year. With the exceptions of the western and eastern portions of the agropastoral zone that were already in Stress (IPC Phase 2), Minimal (IPC Phase 1) will continue throughout most of the country.  The pastoral situation remains largely satisfactory. Pastures, if spared from brush fires, will respond to the burden of the national herd, as no restrictions will affect the beneficial internal transhumance from pastoralists in pockets with pasture deficits. Animal reproduction and milk production levels remain consistent with those of an average year.  In all other livelihood zones, despite the upward trend in animal prices, seasonal incomes of poor households are significantly lower than an average year. Consumer markets are well supplied and prices of imported foodstuffs are relatively stable. ",3
6924,"Joint declaration made in Mogadishu between Djibouti, Ethiopia, Kenya, and Somalia to cooperate in response to ongoing drought.",3
11031,Most parts of the city had to go without water for several hours on Thursday when the Dhabeji pumping station under the Karachi Water and Sewerage Board (KWSB) faced a sudden shutdown.,11
7276,"Main challenges reported in baladiyas of return include delays in repairs of homes and public infrastructure and delays in extending water, electricity and telecommunications networks. This applies to Sirte, Kikkla, Benghazi, Ubari and Al Aziziyah in particular where heavy infrastructural damage was reported. Liquidity shortages in the country have contributed to further delays in these repairs.",10
1254,"Following three poor rainy seasons in many eastern areas, and a potential fourth with the 2018 March – May long rains, food security needs are expected to peak in September 2018. While there will be some temporary improvements, food and income sources are expected to remain below average in many pastoral and marginal agricultural areas. Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes are expected to persist through September in parts of Mandera, Isiolo, Wajir, and Garissa, requiring sustained humanitarian assistance.",3
2791,"Heavy two-way traffic of carts carrying children, clothes, and the elderly crowded the main Baghdad-Mosul road on Sunday as hundreds of Iraqis fled heavy fighting or made their way back to areas seized back from Islamic State.  Families paid no heed to the sound of heavy mortar, artillery and machine gun fire raging in the background as U.S.-trained Iraqi forces battled Islamic State some two km.(about a mile) away.  Some had walked miles to a government checkpoint where the men were placed in army trucks and sent for security screening to ensure no militant sleeper cells get out of the city. Women and children were put on busses and sent to camps housing hundreds of thousands, some displaced since the offensive to retake the Islamic State stronghold began in October. ",5
5989,"Secondary displacement and lack of solutions for the urban displacement: 70% of IDPs reside in urban areas, like Kabul, Herat, Mazar-i-Sharif and Jalalabad. With limited job opportunities, no social protection nets and poor shelter conditions, displaced people not only face increased protection risks in their daily life, but are also forced into secondary displacement and negative coping strategies, like child labour, early marriage, reducing quantity and quality of food et",1
9301,Schools nationwide are suspending classes and in Lima the swelling Huaycoloro river swept away two trucks and threatens to destroy a bridge.,2
1680,"As of end-January 2018, the country hosts about 1.4 million refugees, including about 1 million people from South Sudan, mainly sheltering in camps in northern Yumbe, Moyo, Arua, Adjumani and Lamwo districts. Refugees from the Democratic Republic of the Congo are estimated at about 252 000 and mainly reside in camps in southwestern Hoima and Kyegegwa districts. W hile the arrival rate of South Sudanese refugees has declined in recent months, the refugee influx from the Democratic Republic of the Congo has accelerated since mid-December, with about 34 000 new arrivals being registered in 2018, following the escalation of conflict in Ituri and North Kivu provinces.  ",10
7294," Six people have died in an outbreak of H1N1 influenza largely hitting Myanmar's biggest city, Yangon, a health official said on Thursday, amid government efforts to track the spread of the virus known as swine flu. ",4
11067,"The majority of people leaving the conflict zone flee west towards Salah-al Din, with smaller numbers moving north to Kirkuk. The westwards route has seen the largest IDP traffic over a period of several months prior to the start of military operations, and is understood to be the safest route out of the area. Nonetheless, most people without access to a vehicle walk for up to 12 hours and those coming from deeper inside Hawiga district have to swim or wade across the Little Zab river on their journey to safety. The widespread presence of ISIL operatives and explosive devices meant the Kirkuk route was discontinued for almost a year before the conflict began in mid-September as it was too dangerous to use. In addition, smugglers were not using this route. The difficulties of the journey are not over when people reach Kirkuk governorate. The majority of people fleeing along this route pass through Dibis checkpoint where almost 1,300 people are currently stuck, awaiting transportation to camps. The checkpoint was intended to hold 300 people and facilities are overstretched: people are sleeping in the open and food supplies are insufficient to meet demand. The Shelter and Food Security Clusters are mobilizing partners to respond urgently while transportation begins.",3
6194,"Israeli occupation forces have arrested 483 Palestinian children since the start of 2017, the Prisoners and Freed Prisoners Committee announced yesterday. Quds Press reported the official Palestinian rights groups saying that the Israeli occupation locked up a number of these children in Ofer Military Prison under administrative detention. The lawyer of the rights group Louai Al-Mansi said “40 Palestinian children were arrested in October”; eight of them were tortured. The children range in age from 13-17 years old, he explained.",9
4975,"New figures reveal that more than 48,000 Rohingya babies are expected to be born in Bangladesh this year, beginning their lives in refugee camps and makeshift settlements where families rely on food rations to survive and live in flimsy tents made of plastic and bamboo.  Few of these babies will be born in health facilities, and from day one will be at an increased risk ofgetting sick, suffering malnutrition and therefore dying before the age of five, warns Save the Children.  “We’re expecting about 130 live births per day across 2018. Most babies will likely be born at home in basic tents, in part because of the shortage of quality, 24-hour health facilities able to handle and manage basic emergency obstetrics, as well as challenges accessing health care,” Save the Children Health Advisor in Cox’s Bazar, Rachael Cummings said.",4
7012,"Violence in the Kasai provinces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo appears to be taking on an increasing and disturbing ethnic dimension, a report by the UN Human Rights Office has warned. Information gathered by a team of UN human rights investigators* suggests that some of the violations and abuses committed in the Kasais may amount to crimes under international law.?",9
11006,"Chronic poverty hinders access to adequate and nutritious foods in Burma and movement restrictions negatively affect livelihood opportunities, particularly among crisis-affected communities. Approximately 38 percent of the population lives below the poverty line.",3
10653,"On 3 March 2017, Tropical storm Enawo formed in the southern Indian Ocean. As of 7 March, the tropical cyclone was moving at speeds of 10 KM / H and is accompanied by strong winds of 205 KM / H and gusts of up to 300 KM / H within a radius of 70 km around the center. The cyclone hit landfall on 7 March at around 10:30 a.m. local time. Enawo is currently equivalent to a Category 4 hurricane and is a dangerous phenomenon representing a real threat to the inhabitants of the north-east coast of Madagascar.  Enawo will move west-south-west and reach the coasts of Madagascar between Antalaha and Cap Masoala on the north-east. Enawo will subsequently move southwards across the highlands, including the capital Antananarivo. The cyclone is expected to bring a lot of rain, during its passage through the regions. A peak of rainfall is expected in the eastern slopes of Madagascar. Enawo is expected to cross the Island through the regions of SAVA, Analanjirofo, Alaotra Mangoro, Atsinanana, Analamanga, Vakinankaratra, Bongolava, Itasy, Ihombre, Amoron'i Mania, Haute Matsiatra, Vatovavy Fitovinany.According to Malagasy Red Cross, approximately 720,000 people will be affected directly and indirectly by this intense tropical cyclone. Meteo Madagascar has issued a red alert for the north east coastal areas of Madagascar, advising residents to abandon houses on water edges, store drinking water and seek shelter in a safe building.",7
7777,"Xai-Xai city councillor Almeida Guilume told Noticias that the situation mainly affected low-lying land prone to flooding when it rains. At present, at least 1,400 people are affected and 140 kilometers of urban roads have been damaged, with some sections impassable. About 600 hectares of crops have also been flooded.",0
4970,Rural and urban livelihoods continue to be affected by the ongoing economic and liquidity challenges. ,5
3757,"Children with disabilities cannot attend school and are invisible, stigmatized and exposed to exploitation, abuse and negligence.",2
3736,"Due to the passage of tropical cyclone HAIKUI (locally named SALOME in the Philippines) over the Philippines on 9-13 November, heavy rain and strong winds have been affecting central and northern regions of the country, causing floods and landslides. According to media, as of 13 November at 8.00 UTC, 1 941 people were displaced in northern Luzon and 15 houses were totally damaged in Dipaculao (Aurora Province).",9
5269,90%  of surveyed locations reported child recruitment ,9
9002,"A Somali mother and two kids are reportedly died of hunger in Balanballe town in Gedo region, as some parts of the country is hit by a sever droughts, which put thousands at risky. Local elders blamed Gedo region administration for not doing enough to call on the international aid agencies and Somali government to assist the people hit by the drought. The authorities in Balanballe said the mom and her children were among hundreds of families who recently arrived in the town, escaping from the drought-stricken nearby areas. ",3
4833,"Overall, the typical national prevalence of Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) is estimated to be below ten percent. However, based on the March/April 2017 SETSAN assessment and IPC acute malnutrition analysis, geographical disparities exist with a higher (>10 percent) prevalence of GAM recorded in a few districts. The level of GAM in many districts in the country is Acceptable (GAM <5 percent) and is projected to remain at this level through May 2018. The exception is in Namuno and Chiure districts, where the IPC projects a sustained Critical (GAM by MUAC 11-16.9 percent) level of acute malnutrition through February 2018. In addition, the level of acute malnutrition in Morrumbala, Mopeia, Cahora Bassa, and Ancuabe districts will likely deteriorate from Acceptable to Alert/Serious (GAM by MUAC 6-10.9 percent) phase between October 2017 to February 2018 due to decreased food access during the lean season. Chronic factors could also impact GAM prevalence in the country, including the likelihood of flooding, which could disrupt access to health services and treatment of acute malnutrition in targeted feeding programs; the increased incidence of seasonal diseases, such as diarrhea and malaria; and poor access to water and sanitation. From March 2018, an overall Acceptable level of acute malnutrition is anticipated with increased food access after the harvest. The nutrition rehabilitation programs in Mozambique, despite coverage challenges, will also partly contribute to stability.",8
7504,"The atypical reliance of households in flooded rice-farming areas of Mopti, Timbuktu, and Gao on strategies for cutting back on their food and nonfood spending to meet their food needs is expected to heighten food insecurity from Minimal (IPC Phase 1) to Stressed (IPC Phase 2) levels. This is also the case for poor flood and drought-stricken households, particularly in the Western Sahel and the Goundam lake area.Very poor households in the above-mentioned anomaly areas will be able to meet their food needs during the lean season between June and September only by resorting to strategies for cutting their food intake and relying on outside assistance. These households will be in a Crisis (IPC Phase 3) situation, though they do not reach the 20 percent threshold for reclassifying a given area.  ",3
3403,Bangladesh state media reported on Wednesday that the first batch of Rohingya would be sent back to Myanmar next week. Rights groups said it remained unclear whether refugees would be forced to return against their will.,9
8144,"Gaza's main hospital is on the verge of running out of fuel, doctors have warned, amid a deepening power crisis affecting more than two million people already living under a crippling Israeli blockade.On Tuesday, the only functioning power plant in the Hamas-governed Palestinian territory shut down after running out of fuel, leaving Gaza residents with only six hours of electricity a day.Gaza's electricity company announced the total available power supply was less than a third of the territory's daily comsumption.Officials at the Al Shifa hospital on Tuesday said they only have two days of fuel left.",4
4917,"During the month of July, 6 344 cholera cases including 21 associated deaths (CFR 0.3%) were reported across the country as compared to 14 397 new suspected cholera cases including 101 associated deaths (CFR: 0.6%) in June 2017.",4
6972,"Maize dominates agricultural production in Zambia and neighbouring countries, in spite of its limited nutritional value. Other staple crops, such as millet, are far more nutritious, drought tolerant and less susceptible to pest outbreaks. Yet more than 90 per cent of smallholders rely on maize for income and food calories. ",0
1530,"increased checkpoints and military movement limiting the response. Spontaneous return movement of civilians continues around Raqqa, where nearly 100,000 people have returned to Raqqa city since ISIL were pushed out. However, conditions are not conducive for returns due to unexploded ordnance and improvised explosive device contamination, widespread and severe infrastructural damage, and a lack of basic services. An estimated 70-80 per cent of all buildings inside Raqqa city are destroyed or damaged. On average, since January 2018, approximately 20-25 blast wounded incidents occur per week in Ar-Raqqa city. Children, especially boys, are among the victims which could be explained by warmer weather and the increase of children playing outside, in the rubble and other unsafe areas.2 Also in North-East Syria, shelling near the Fishkhabour border crossing lead Iraqi authorities to temporarily close the border.",10
10926,"The report breaks down the vital facilities that were attacked in 2016 as follows: 421 infrastructures, 271 vital educational facilities, 224 places of worship, 227 vital medical facilities, 109 communal facilities, 17 vital cultural facilities, 23 international humanitarian insignia, and 31 refugee camps. ",2
3281,"A significant number of livestock were lost, dead or injured due to the conflict. On average, as much as three-quarters of cattle, sheep, goats and buffalo were lost, although in some areas this figure reached as high as 85 to 95 percent. Poultry losses were significant in all areas; in some cases, flock sizes numbering in the hundreds fell to virtually zero.Reduced herd sizes were most frequently attributed to security-related problems such as livestock being stolen or killed. Other reasons included the lack of and/or high prices of animal feed, inability to access pasture due to occupation or explosive contamination and government suspension of veterinary programmes (e.g. medicines, vaccines, etc.). As a coping mechanism, farmers are selling their livestock to obtain cash.",0
6232,"On Monday, 27 November the Ministry of Health of Madagascar officially announced the containment of the acute urban pneumonic plague outbreak. However, because plague is endemic in Madagascar and the plague season lasts from September to April, more cases of bubonic and sporadic pneumonic plague are expected to be reported until April 2018. WHO and other stakeholders will continue to support the Ministry of Health of Madagascar to maintain vigilance and to sustain a strong alert and response system to rapidly detect and respond to new plague cases as they emerge.  From 20 to 26 November 2017, 72 cases of plague (1 confirmed, 6 probable and 65 suspect) were reported to WHO. The date of onset of the last confirmed bubonic case was 18 November 2017 and the date of onset of the last case of secondary pneumonic plague (primary bubonic form) was 19 November 2017. ",4
7652,"he logistics of preparing for cyclones and a heavy monsoon season are daunting in the densely packed camps: reinforcing muddy roads, sandbagging, and levelling unstable areas, pre-positioning supplies, formulating evacuation routes, finding sturdy emergency shelters, and even communicating all of this to refugees in a frantic environment where language barriers have been a problem.  'You talk to anybody here and most people are worried that we have a very, very small window now in the dry season,' said Shelley Thakral, a spokeswoman for the World Food Programme.  WFP engineers have built a bridge in a part of the camp and are working on ways to make sure aid groups can still deliver supplies when the monsoon rains come. But the crowded landscape is formidable, from tents clustered on floodplains to homes carved into the slopes.  'It's tiered housing. People have cut themselves into the sides of hills,' said Thakral. 'The earth is very porous; you just sink in it. It's impassable.'   A powerful cyclone could demolish the muddy footpaths that connect the most isolated shelters in the sprawling camps, but it could also cut off agencies based in the resort town of Cox’s Bazar from the 40-km stretch of road along which most of the settlements are scattered.  Local NGOs have set up bases closer to the camps and the WFP has a central logistics hub where a refrigerated container and 16 mobile units will be stocked with supplies. Smaller containers could be brought in to the refugee sites – though where exactly they would fit in the teeming camps is uncertain.  This speaks to the central problem posed by the land itself: there’s not enough space in the crowded camps.  Eastmond told IRIN that a viable evacuation plan for the Rohingya refugees is a priority. Yet existing cyclone shelters built for the local population in the surrounding sub-districts are already overwhelmed.  His team is exploring plans to either ask longer-term refugees with more stable shelters to take in new arrivals, or to evacuate refugees into more permanent structures like schools and mosques. But it is unclear whether there are enough to hold the sheer numbers who would need shelter.  'The problem with relocation is the fundamental problem we have with the whole response, which is that we don't have land,' he said.   ‘Everything came down’Cyclone Mora is still fresh on the minds of Rohingya who were already living here, pushed out by previous waves of violence in Myanmar’s Rakhine State.  Nur Asha’s home has mud walls, offering more stability than the bamboo and tarpaulin tents many of the newest refugees have built. But it wasn’t strong enough for Cyclone Mora.  'My home was destroyed. Everything came down,” she said.  Salim Shaheen was born in the camps after his parents fled Myanmar in the 1990s. He told IRIN that people took shelter in nearby schools and madrassas when Cyclone Mora hit, but there wasn’t enough room for everyone.  Now, there’s even less space. Sunjuddin, a newer arrival who fled his village in late August, told IRIN he’s certain a strong storm would knock over his home — a tarpaulin roof latched onto bamboo poles.  'I didn't build my home sturdily, so if a cyclone comes, it will be destroyed,' he said. “There’s no way I can stay in that hut.”",10
7167,"The country is facing a critical food  security crisis, with an estimated 31 per cent of the population experiencing severe food  insecurity as of December 2016, and children among the most vulnerable.3 The situation is  expected to deteriorate further, with 276,343 children likely to be affected by severe acute  malnutrition (SAM) in 2017",8
3653,"Human Rights Watch released new satellite imagery and sensory data showing that 62 villages in northern Rakhine State were targeted by arson attacks between August 25 and September 14, 2017. Human Rights Watch identified 35 of these villages with extensive building destruction from very high resolution satellite imagery, and an additional 26 villages that had active fires detected in near-real time with environmental satellite sensors.",10
6639,"The camps for the displaced in Kass locality in South Darfur and Tawila in North Darfur are experiencing a severe shortage of health and water services, which is leading to a deterioration in the environment.Abdelrahman Abdullah Mohammed, the head Sheikh of the camps in Kass told Radio Dabanga on Tuesday that there are only two health centres in the 37 camps for 187,000 displaced people amid an acute shortage in medicines and medical personnel.He pointed in this regard to the spread of diarrhoeal diseases and malnutrition among children and the elderly as a result of food shortage.“There is a severe shortage of drinking water in the camps as 55 of the 187 water wells are inoperative.“The schools in camps are suffering from shortage of textbooks and fees charged to the families, while meals for school pupils that used to be provided by humanitarian organisations have ceased.The five camps of Tawila in North Darfur also complain of poor medical services, lack of medicines and severe deterioration in environmental sanitation",4
925,"With no reported harvest of sorghum or maize, HHs are currently left without food reserves and therefore depend on scarce day-to-day access to income generating activities and fishing. As such, the main sources of food in Wadakona are fishing products and the market",3
2124,"Mayor of Kumbo Council in Bui Division of the North West Region of Cameroon, has expressed worries over the acute water crisis that has hit his municipality.According to Mayor Njong, if this situation should persist, his municipality risk being ravaged by an epidemic.  “Last year was one of the most difficult years in the history of Kumbo. We witnessed acute water shortage more than ever before. Some quarters in Kumbo have gone without a drop of water for more than a year now and the inhabitants are forced to fetch water from doubtful sources. We all know the health dangers it poses,” the municipal authority asserted. ",11
3770,"Flooding has had an impact on 24 of Peru’s departments at the national level, particularly in the affected zones; currently, 72,115 people’s homes have been affected, 62 people have perished and 170 people have been injured.",5
180,35% of refugee children are still out of school across the region despite our best efforts.,2
8086,"10,5 million people are under the Hurricane Alarm Phase  In the morning, the coastal municipalities of Villa Clara and Sancti Spíritus, the closest to the center of the hurricane, suffered 90 kilometers per hour winds and gusts up to 150 kilometers per hour, accompanied by heavy rains. Most of the coastal municipalities in these provinces are without electricity. In Sancti Spíritus, more than 100,000 people are reported evacuated with an additional 152,000 in Matanzas.Damage to electrical and transportation networks, commercial and residential roofs, and medical and tourism infrastructure as well as in agricultural areas has been reported. More than one million people were evacuated in the first seven provinces under the H",10
8899," As of 8 p.m. (1700 GMT) five people had been confirmed killed and seven injured, the national office of risk management said. An estimated 22,000 people were either displaced or had their property damaged by what was one of Madagascar's worst storms in years.",7
1269,He added that children were dropping out of school to help their parents search for water and pasture.,2
6270,"The southeastern town of Kalemie has been experiencing an irregular supply of water since late February, leading to a rise in cholera cases. Since 27 February, over 100 cases of the water-borne disease have been recorded across the city. Kalemie is regularly hit by water shortages due to shortcomings of the national water distribution company. Lack of water and poor hygiene have made cholera endemic in Kalemie and many other cities in the southeast.",11
10014,"According to secondary sources, people in distress there are left with no option for recouping their losses immediately. They would require financial and food assistance until the next Boro Season.",5
6583,"The deterioration in food consumption by poor households in the Kanem, Bahr El Gazel (BEG), Wadi Fira, and Guera regions with the depletion of their food stocks, the earlier and harsher than usual lean season for pastoral populations, and the decline in household purchasing due to the falling prices of livestock has propelled these areas from the Stressed (IPC Phase 2) up into the Crisis (IPC Phase 3) phase of food insecurity. ? The reopening of the country’s borders with Libya in early March helped improve supplies in the Borkou-EnnediTibesti (BET) regions. In spite of the atypical pattern of trade limited to three border crossings, it is improving the household food security situation. Thus, parts of this livelihood zone have been in the Stressed (IPC Phase 2) phase of food insecurity since June. ? The shortages of pasture and watering holes are creating mediocre pastoral conditions in Kanem, BEG, Batha, Guera, Ouaddaï, Wadi Fira, and Ennedi. On average, animals are traveling 15 to 20 kilometers to drink and graze on pasture. This is affecting their physical condition and reproductive performance, reducing milk production, and driving down livestock prices on most markets. ? The expected average October harvests will provide poor households in nearly all parts of the country (with the exception of the Lac region) with average food stocks meeting their food needs through January 2018. This will put them in the Minimal (IPC Phase 1) phase of food insecurity between October 2017 and January 2018. Households in the Lac region will be in a Crisis (IPC Phase 3) situation through September due to the magnitude of population displacements in that area",3
11101,"The distinction between smuggling and trafcking is not always clear cut.13 Migrant smugglers seek to facilitate irregular border crossings for profit. Typically, the relationship between migrant smuggler and migrants ends when the destination is reached. 14 In human trafcking situations, purpose and profit are linked to the exploitation of migrants.15 By all accounts, smugglers in many instances and varying forms exploit their customers, blurring the line between smuggling and trafcking.16",9
607,"The operation has continued since as nearly 3000 other teachers were suspended last week, 93 of them in the main Kurdish city of Diyarbakir.",2
4478,"According to the Central Bank of Libya (CBL) latest figures for the Libyan economy (January to end of October 2017), state sector salary costs were down by LYD 3.2 billion from a projected LYD 16.2 billion to LYD 13 billion. Salary payment is directly linked to the country’s main source of earnings, notably oil. Any disruption to oil production has direct effect on state expenditure, inflation and fragile economy of the country.Challenges reported in eight mantikas51 highlight the hardships people face in having a regular an income. Amongst other challenges, 41 per cent of households reported receiving irregular salary payments, and 39 per cent struggled to access their incomes due to the dysfunctional banking system.",5
10379,"The EMERGENCY Hospital, a few hundred yards away, has accommodated 69 wounded, 8 dead on arrival. The A&E ward is still full of patients. The hospital also suffered some damage, but our staff are fine and they are working tirelessly to assist the injured.",4
230,"Despite an increase in cereal production owing to beneficial weather in mid-2017, neighbouring conflicts continue to cause widespread disruption to agricultural activities, particularly in the Far North and eastern regions. Vulnerable households are facing a depletion of their productive assets, agricultural input shortages and an overall erosion of their resilience capacities. Acute food-insecure communities in the Adamaoua, East, North and Far North regions are resorting to negative coping mechanisms.",0
4184,"Ceasefire declared in Ain al-Hilweh, after 2 young Palestinians confirmed dead. Clashes began Monday evening, when a bomb detonated in front of a call center inside camp, breaking a “cautious calm” that had prevailed after Palestinian factions reached a ceasefire agreement Sunday night to halt violent clashes that erupted over the weekend.",9
11645,"Islamic State is paying the smugglers’ fees of child refugees in a desperate attempt to attract new recruits, according to a report highlighting the potential vulnerability of unaccompanied minors to radicalisation. The report, from counter-extremism think tank Quilliam, also says that an estimated 88,300 unaccompanied children – identified by the European Union’s police agency Europol as having gone missing – were at risk of being radicalised.Quilliam said that Isis had offered up to $2,000 (£1,600) to recruit within camps in Lebanon and Jordan. Last year, Jordanian special forces reportedly found what they described as an Isis sleeper cell inside a refugee camp near Irbid, north Jordan. Additional reports indicated that Isis had tried to recruit refugees by supplying food previously withheld from camp residents.",9
9445,"Conditions for migrants and refugees in Libya are worse than in concentration camps, according to a paper sent to the German foreign ministry by its ambassador in Niger.",9
1483,"Of the 1,065,610 hectares of cropland planned for the belg season in SNNP region, about 79 per cent is cultivated and only 21 per cent planted, amidst mixed rainfall performance. Given the late start and the overall poor performance of the rains so far, the crops are currently at the vegetative growth stage when they should have been at the flowering stage. At this rate, the crops require good and continuous rainfall through July/August to be harvestable. In addition, an Army Worm outbreak in several woredas of Bench Maji, Kaffa, Sheka, South Omo, Gamo Gofa, and Wolaita zones has further impacted the belg crops. Chemical spraying and other traditional measures are underway to control the crop infestation. ",5
6306,"Lebanon 28 February 2018: In Ail Al-Hilweh refugee camp, near Sidon city, South governorate, a number of unidentified men tossed a hand grenade in Ras Al-Ahmar near the residence of Islamist extremist Bilal Abou Arkoub, prompting those targeted to shoot back. Source: National News Agency",9
1020,"Pasture deficits and deteriorating terms-of-trade have negatively affected food security in most pastoral and agro-pastoral zones of the country. The economic downturn amplified the impact of these various factors. According to the latest “Cadre Harmonisé” analysis, about 900 000 people are estimated to be in Phase 3: “Crisis” and above, between June and August 2017 and are in need of urgent assistance across the country.",3
2646,"• As per the findings of the Inter Agency Rapid Assessment Mission, the Damasak State General Hospital appears to be structurally sound but has no beds nor medical supplies. The hospital could be functional with minimal restoration and equipment; • Measles outbreaks were reported in some camps in Borno state. Partners have started reactive measles vaccination campaigns.• 64% of the health facilities across Borno state are completely or partially destroyed. Only 288 health facilities out of 749 health facilities are fully functional;",4
7142,"roughly 60,000 internally displaced Syrians shivered in recent weeks as temperatures dipped below zero degrees Celsius. ",10
10046,"From 13th December, 2016 to 2nd June, 2017, a total of 14,473 suspected cases and 1,155 deaths (CFR= 8%) of CSM have been reported from 25 States ",4
11504,"The 2017 lean season (from April to July) was particularly harsh and extended with most households facing serious food constraints. In addition, not only the quantity of food in-take was reduced but the dietary diversity was also drastically diminished by the substitution of more nutritious cereal and vegetable staples with cassava and the sharp reduction of animal proteins intake.",3
4602,"In 2017, the 'coastal Niño' phenomenon caused the worst floods in Peru in three decades. The scale of destruction was immense: 348 000 houses were damaged, of which 55 000 were entirely destroyed. Over 40 000 km of roads, 2 915 schools, and 930 healthcare centres in 24 of the country’s 25 regions were also devastated by the floods.The resulting human needs were staggering: 1.4 million people were affected, 283 000 people severely so - of which 130 000 needed emergency food assistance.",3
11644,"In April, the authorities called for the arrest of over 25 Baha’is, many of whom are prominent members of the Baha’i community and assist with the organization of the community’s affairs, under extraordinary accusations which include helping poor families, showing kindness, and displaying rectitude of conduct in order to attract people to the Baha’i Faith. Since then, and through increasingly subversive methods, including kidnappings conducted by plainclothes agents, four more Baha’is have been arrested, including Mr. Walid Ayyash, a prominent Yemeni tribal leader. As of 25 May, the authorities have detained seven Baha’is and denied them necessary medical attention.",9
5563,"“The situation of these women and children is disturbing; they have nothing to eat after walking long distances. I appealed to the humanitarians agencies in South Sudan to rush into the area to provide the necessary assistance as soon as possible,” said Puot.",3
7562,"In order to address the worsening situation, and taking into account the key employment opportunities provided by the agricultural sector for rural and coastal communities, the following initiatives are recommended:  1)Urgently provide food and cash-based life-saving assistance to the most vulnerable groups, prioritising malnourished children under five and pregnant and lactating women. 2) Support recovery of livelihoods, especially for agriculture and fishing dependent communities. In particular, support backyard income generating activities and food production to complement, enrich and diversify food intake of severely food insecure and internally displaced person (IDP) households. 3) Manage the threat of locusts by continuing to support local authorities through the provision of equipment and capacity building efforts critical to containing the locust spread. Moreover, the international community needs to take swift action to prevent the food security situation from worsening in Yemen and consider lifting the restriction on food and non-food imports.",0
5033,"Plague is endemic to Madagascar, where around 400 cases of – mostly bubonic – plague are reported annually. Contrary to past outbreaks, this one is affecting large urban areas, which increases the risk of transmission. The number of cases identified thus far is higher than expected for this time of year. ",4
714,"The UN remains highly concerned for the protection of civilians inside the besieged Duma enclave of East Ghouta amidst the ongoing military operations and sustained artilley shelling campaigns. The last time humanitarian assistance was able to reach individuals trapped inside Duma was on 15 March 2018, when a UN/SARC/ICRC convoy delivered food assistance for 26,100 people in Duma. While this food assistance was not sufficient to reach all people in Duma, with rations shared among numerous families, there were reports of some food rations being destroyed when shelling hit a warehouse in Duma on 18 March. Further food assistance and additional multi-sectoral assistance, such as health, WASH and nutritional supplies, need to be allowed into the enclave as a matter of utmost priority. The UN continues to advocate with the concerned parties to the conflict for immediate and unimpeded access to the besieged area of East Ghouta.",3
9457,"GCA Food Insecurity: According to the REACH winter assessment data (February 2018), moderate and severe food insecurity in GCA has increased to 18.7% (15% in June 2017). Of these, 1.7% are severely food insecure (0.9% in June 2017). Historically, food needs increase during winter and spring in Ukraine, which negatively impacts food security levels of especially vulnerable households.9 However, the REACH winter assessment data confirms a trend of increased food insecurity for vulnerablegroups in GCA over the observed period of time (2016-2018). This applies to households that are severely food insecure but is also clearly identified for moderately food insecure households.",3
11721,"The EU is facing calls to rethink its cooperation with Sudan on migration flows after scores of refugees were whipped, fined, jailed and deported from Khartoum last weekend following a peaceful protest over a huge rise in visa processing fees.About 65 asylum seekers – the majority from Ethiopia and some from Eritrea – were lashed 40 times on their backs and the back of their legs with leather whips, lawyers told the Guardian.",9
7492,• Delay in green harvest that usually starts in February. • Reduced income and food from casual labor for December. Increased possibility of below-average 2017/18 harvests due to poor crop development due to late start.,3
6681,"The Xays/Daada coastal rains (October to February) have largely replenished water sources and restored rangeland conditions despite being below-average in some areas. Food security has improved significantly due to improved livestock body conditions and productivity, increasing food and income access for the predominant, rural, pastoral population, and Stressed (IPC Phase 2) outcomes persist. However, some poor households in Central Pastoral-Lowland and Southeast Pastoral-Border zones remain in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) as below-average rainfall this season and previous ones have caused livestock losses. ",3
2508,"Many persons interviewed upon arrival stated that their return was primarily influenced by drastically reduced food rations1 and water shortages in the Minawao Camp.Some claimed that due to acute water shortages, caused by broken water taps, they walked for more than five kilometres to access safe water for domestic use. Others said they were returning because of the farming season. Majority of the refugee population in Minawao Camp are predominantly farmers. ",0
8419,"The suspension of social payments to IDPs is a major protection concern, because pensioners are the only breadwinners for 38 per cent of conflict-affected families in GCA and 60 per cent in NGCA. Since February, the Government has suspended social payments and pensions for hundreds of thousands displaced people until they revalidate their IDP certificates, portraying this as a way to fight ‘fraudulent schemes’. This decision has increased movements of civilians, affecting primarily pensioners residing in NGCA who, according to the current Ukrainian legislation, are forced to register as IDPs to receive their entitlements. ",9
7839,"Each year during the monsoon season, the Government supports people who face food shortages and damage to their homes and infrastructure as a result of natural disasters. The Ministry of Social Welfare, Relief and Resettlement has urged that greater attention be given to supporting vulnerable people with humanitarian assistance in some of the more remote and underserved areas such as the Naga SelfAdministered Zone in Sagaing Region as well as Sawlaw and Kaung Lan Phu townships in Kachin State.",1
9415,"According to a businessman in old hardware Market Sylvester Kauteka, the Mzuzu City Council is doing little to remove waste at the market.",4
7611,"PRS are one of the most deprived groups in Lebanon, with 89 per cent living in poverty, 95 per cent food-insecure, and 52.5 per cent unemployed among PRS countrywide",5
10853,"The two bakeries in the city are still functional and providing bread to people in the city and IDPs in the farmlands, and they have enough flour till now, however have urgent need for fuel.",7
6054,"Urgent nutrition needs have been prioritized for children aged under five (including infants), pregnant and lactating women and adolescent girls. These include close to 17,000 children under five suffering from severe acute malnutrition (SAM) to be supported over the next six months.",8
11569,"Domestic cereal production covers, on average, about 17 percent of the consumption needs and the country depends heavily on imports.",3
8314,Nearly all key informants (KIs) reported that widespread insecurity was the main push factor that led IDPs to leave Sabratha. KIs from the displaced population also frequently reported that they or others in their muhalla had left due to conflict-related damage to their shelters.,9
6831,"The Israeli Authorities, including the City Council of occupied Jerusalem, have decided to demolish an entire Palestinian neighborhood in Kufur Aqab, northeast of Jerusalem, under the pretext of being built without a permit. The demolition plan targets six residential buildings, each consisting of six floors, of around 140 flats, in addition to a mosque, and is slated to be carried out in one month. Many families already inhabited apartments.",10
6091,"Migrant returns from Libya have increased in recent months owing to worsening living conditions and other hardship. In February, more than 27,000 migrants crossed the border back into Niger - 22 times the number registered a year ago. With the influx of incoming migrants, testimonies of the existence of slave markets and some kinds of private prisons all over Libya have come to the surface, according to a report by IOM on 11 April. ",9
7762,"In the Southeast: coffee, litchis, cassava (MG 19), food consumption will deteriorate as the very poor will be depleting their remaining own stocks. During the same period, some very poor will already be facing food consumption gaps. Consumption of wild foods will be intensified. Incomes will slowly deteriorate after the rice transplanting and coffee weeding; labor opportunities will decrease and by May very poor households will have limited incomes. Very poor households will employ coping strategies like intensifying basketry or relying on borrowing food/remittances between March and May. Thus, people will likely not easily meet their food needs and will likely face Crisis (IPC Phase 3) between April and May 2018. From June onwards, very poor and poor households will begin to face fewer food consumption gaps with the coming harvests. Low staple prices and more income from rice, coffee and cassava harvests and cassava planting in August will result in better purchasing power, thereby tightening the food consumption gap. The coffee harvest expected in June will likely be near normal due to favorable rainfall that in turn will provide near normal incomes for households. Therefore, most households in this livelihood zone will experience Stressed (IPC Phase 2) food security outcomes again between June and September 2018.",8
8066,"Protection partners report that more than 90,000 people have been directly affected by evictions between January and July 2017. Of these, more than 5,000 were evicted in Baidoa during the first week of August alone, and there are fears of more evictions particularly from privately owned land on which more than 90 per cent of the over 200,000 IDPs in Baidoa region reside. In Mogadishu, over 3,000 IDPs and the urban poor were evicted from the former national printing house in Wardhiigleey district, according to IDP leaders. In Sool region, about 1,960 drought-displaced people were forcibly relocated from areas around Ainabo town by the authorities to a settlement in Ainabo town. Additionally, 108 people were evicted from an old boarding school in Las Caanod town to allow for renovations. Forced evictions have resulted in increased disruption of humanitarian investments, loss of shelter, and increased exposure to exploitation and abuse of IDPs. The displaced people do not have alternative land for relocation and many have moved into already overcrowded settlements or are roaming the streets. Negative coping strategies have been observed, including violations of basic rights of children, notably access to education and hazardous forms of child labour. Cases of gender-based violence remain underreported due to cultural norms and possible social stigmatization of survivors. Access to support services and justice for survivors remains limited due to societal constraints and a lack of capacity of actors involved.",9
9464," Poor and late rainfall: until April 2016, four districts out of six still recorded rainfall below the average over the last 20 years whereas good rainfall has been recorded since April 2016 in the districts of Ambovombe and Amboasary but came too late to save the crops that should have been harvested in June 2016. (Figure 1. Rainfall from January to July 2016). As a consequence, maize, cassava, and rice production decreased by as much as 95% compared with the levels obtained in 2015.",3
999,"There is no evidence that the ruling party rigs elections – they don’t need to. The population’s dependence on the ruling party and the limits on opposition parties leaves many citizens, particularly in rural areas, little choice but to support the ruling party come election time. As one farmer in the Amhara region told me in July 2014, “we do not like this government, but we always vote for them. We have to because we get our seeds and fertilizer from them. During times of drought, we get food aid from them. If we don’t vote for them, we can’t eat.” He went on to tell me about his neighbor who voted for the opposition in the 2010 election and shortly thereafter was denied food aid, was denied treatment at a government health clinic, and eventually was displaced from his land for an investment project run by a government cadre.",3
9544,"Paramilitary gendarmes firing in the air sealed off access to Ivory Coast's main port on Wednesday, forcing companies including cocoa exporters to close down, as weeks of unrest in the security forces showed no signs of easing.",9
6086,"Six months into the military operation to retake Mosul City from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), civilians continue to have significant humanitarian needs. These needs are most severe among displaced families, both in and out of camps, and vulnerable residents in newly accessible areas.  On 19 February, Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) resumed military operations to retake western Mosul from ISIL. The humanitarian impact has been significant. Since the new offensive began, approximately 330,000 people from west Mosul have been displaced to camps and emergency sites as of 18 April, according to the Government of Iraq.",2
7782,"Dengue fever death toll reaches to 50 in KP Posted on October 9, 2017. Dengue fever death toll reaches to 50 in KP Wisal Yousafzai ",4
9745,"Since the beginning of the outbreak on 14 August 2017, 116 cholera cases including 17 deaths (case fatality rate 14.7%) have been reported in Koukou district, as of 24 August 2017. Six cases have been confirmed to date. People aged 15 years and above accounted for 67% of the cases. However, 59% (10/17) of the deaths were in children less than 15 years of age.",4
11789,"A total of seven houses were affected in the district of Santa Maria, province of Herrera, by the overflowing of the Santa Maria River, detailed the morning of October 26 the Fire Department.  Eladio Cortés, head of the Fire Department Herrera, confirmed that at least two homes were flooded in an area of ??the neighborhood Divine Child, Santa Maria. 'We had to support them to save their belongings,' he said.",10
4573,"Displaced families from the eastern region in Misrata have demanded local security services to disclose the fate of their sons held in the city's prisons. During a protest in front of the Misrata Security Directorate, the families appealed to local authorities to allow them to visit their detained sons and to release them as soon as possible, clarifying that more than 32 detainees from the eastern region are being held in Misrata prisons.",9
10979,"Al-Mahrah:Agricultural equipment, harvesters and warehouses are damaged in Al Gaydah. Strong winds speeded the crawling sands covering the road connecting between Hadramout and Al-Maharah.",5
7288,Household headed by women are more likely to be food insecure than those headed  by men. Female heads of households are often unemployed and they do not receive  any form of employment. ,5
6012,"With 5.1 million people in IPC Phases 3 to 5 in parts of Borno, Adamawa and Yobe, the population facing severe food insecurity increased by 50 per cent since March 2016. Malnutrition rates remain high and children under five are most vulnerable. 400,000 children suffer from severe acute malnutrition and 75,000 are at risk of death. The number of children suffering from SAM is expected to rise to 450,000 in 2017 for those three states . ",8
7394,"94 (28%) out of the total 335 HFs in SD is fully managed and supported by NGOs and UN agencies, while 241 (72%) is managed by SMoH; considering that 11% of this 241 facility receive support by UN agencies and some NGOs.",4
5060,"The same factors are also undermining the access of over 450,000 children in the Gaza Strip to school education, as detailed in another of this Bulletin’s articles. The electricity shortage, with cuts of up to twenty hours a day, restricts students’ study time at school and ability to concentrate at home, and increases the drop-out rate. Also of concern is the unprecedented financial crisis faced by UNRWA, which provides schooling to some 272,000 of Gaza’s children. While the Agency has secured sufficient funding to complete the current school year and to maintain the delivery of other core services into the summer, the re-opening of schools in the second half of the year remains uncertain.",2
10804,"As of 15 May, 33 humanitarian organisations are operational in 19 governorates. 49 treatments centers have been established.",4
9684," Farmers in Zimbabwe, emerging from the region’s worst drought in at least two decades, are being threatened with a second year of losses as heavy rains damage corn and tobacco crops. ",3
7995,"The EWARN data that monitored over 1000 drinking water sources in 10 governorates (excluding Damascus, Tartous, Lattakia, As-Sweida) indicated that around one-third were not functioning in the firstquarter of 2017. The lowest percentages of functional drinking water sources (23-33%) were found in Quneitra, followed by Rural Damascus and Hama governorates. Notably, functional water sources have drastically declined since the beginning of the year in conflict-affected Deir-ez-Zor governorate (from 89% in January to 46% in March 2017). EWARN data also indicated that only 36-40% of functional water sources were treated to remove diseasecausing agents. None of the monitored functional water sources in Hama governorate were treated over the reporting period; low percentage of treated functional water sources were also found in Aleppo (10%), Rural Damascus (19%) and Al-Hassakeh (21%) governorates.",11
11893,A recent Special IPC Alert on Borno State (FEWS NET,3
11777,"Five communities capitulated to forced surrender agreements during the reporting period – three (al-Waer, Madaya and Zabadani) besieged by government forces and two (Fuaa and Kefraya) by opposition forces. All five were subsequently subjected to forced population transfers, uprooting tens of thousands of civilians.",9
2456,"Measles cases reported continue to be very high, increasing every month from all areas of the country with more than 19,316 cases being recorded since January 2017. Although there has been a decline in recent months, the number of cases is 4 times as high as those reported in 2015 and 2016.",4
1291,"According to key informants and interviewed households, due to their lack of income and very weak purchasing power, most households were relying on less preferred and less expensive foods. The interviewees also reported that the most vulnerable households were limiting the portion sizes of their meals. Yarmouk and Qadessiyeh neighbourhoods were considered one of the poorest in Ar-Raqqa city even before the crisis. Households in these neighbourhoods mentioned having exhausted all their savings and having sold off all their valuable assets. Many were now purchasing food on credit and sending children to work as common coping strategies in order to make ends meet. Around 2,000 households currently reside in Yarmouk neighbourhood, and 1,400 households in Qadessiyeh neighbourhood. For Ma’amoun neighbourhood, the situation was found to be somewhat better than in Yarmouk and Qadessiyeh. People in this neighbourhood reported still having some savings and assets (saving money, productive assets such as owning land/property) they could depend on to help them restore their livelihoods.",5
3244,"In recent years, efforts to address structural gender inequality and discrimination in the public and private spheres in Myanmar have multiplied. However, according to the World Bank, significant gender disparities persist across the country. Myanmar is ranked 85 (out of 187) on the Gender Inequality Index and while labour force participation has increased, institutionalized discrimination continues to prevent women from achieving equal political participation, decision-making and access to resources. Such challenges are particularly pronounced in remote and conflict-affected areas, where women and girls may be exposed to various forms of genderbased violence, trafficking and discrimination, including customary laws that inhibit land tenure, property ownership and inheritance. There is no comprehensive prevalence data on gender-based violence, but numerous reports indicate that such violence is wide-spread. The Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Myanmar, for example, found that sexual violence was widespread in Kachin, northern Shan and  06  Impact of the crisis Rakhine, as well as other areas of the country. Women and girls from ethnic or religious minorities, as well as stateless women, remain especially vulnerable and often suffer multiple forms of abuse by government forces, armed groups and, in many cases, in domestic settings. Intimate partner violence is normalised and widely accepted, with reports indicating a high prevalence across the country including in humanitarian settings were risk factors such as poverty, drug and alcohol abuse along with the breakdown of community protection mechanisms are elevated. Human trafficking and sexual slavery abroad also remain a serious concern, especially for younger women. The combination of gender inequality and exposure to violence, harassment and abuse remain a serious protection concern and an impediment to recovery, transition and development. ",9
6971,"Two people, including an elderly woman, reportedly died of heatstroke in Madaripur and Rajbari districts on Wednesday.",1
4133,"Natural disasters killed 53 people in China in the first quarter this year, the Ministry of Civil Affairs and the National Commission for Disaster Reduction said Tuesday.  Natural disasters affected 12.72 million people in total in the first three months, causing 54,000 to be relocated during emergencies and leaving 162,000 in need of emergency relief, the authorities said in a report.  Around 3,000 houses were toppled in the disasters and over 6,000 houses were severely damaged, imposing direct economic losses of 19.67 billion yuan (about 3.1 billion U.S. dollars).  Casualties and losses caused in the first quarter is worse than the same period last year, according to the report.  The report said natural disasters in the first quarter were mainly caused by low temperatures, heavy snow and frost.",5
5349," Two commercial vessels carrying food have arrived in Hodaidah, carrying a total of 35,020 metric tonnes of wheat and flour.  Three vessels carrying a nearly 65,000 metric tonnes of food have been cleared by the UN Verification and Inspection Mechanism and are awaiting permission from the Saudi?led Coalition to enter Hodaidah port.  Our humanitarian colleagues tell us that, while some food has started to reach Yemen, it is not sufficient to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe.  In Yemen itself, the cost of diesel as doubled, while the price of petrol has risen by more than 70 percent and cooking gas by 18 per cent.  It is critical that fuel reaches all Yemeni ports immediately — fuel is essential to operate generators for hospitals and water pumps, as well as to deliver drinking water and food.",1
8706,"Over the past 5 weeks, there has been a slight increase in the number of AWD/Cholera cases reported in three regions (Banadir, Lower Jubba and Hiiran). In week 5, active transmission of AWD/cholera was reported in Beletweyne district of Hiraan region, Kismayo district in Lower Jubba region as well as in 10 districts of Banadir region. In Hiraan, affected communities are reportedly using contaminated water from Shabelle River as safe water sources are reported to have dried up. The AWD cases reported in 10 districts of Banadir may be linked to Beletweyne cases due to uncontrolled movement of people in both regions. ",4
1159," More than 50 people have died of hunger in parts of South Sudan’s Amadi State, a top state official said while calling on aid agencies to provide food aid in the area.",3
10341,"Disease outbreaks continue in parts of the country with Kenya currently responding to five disease outbreaks. There is an active Cholera outbreak in five counties (Garissa, Nairobi, Muranga, Turkana and Nakuru) with 581 confirmed cases and seven deaths (CFR 1.2 per cent). A dengue fever outbreak also continues in Mombasa and Wajir Counties, with 1,015 cases, and one death (CFR 0.1) reported to date. In addition, 17 cases of Measles were reported in Garissa County’s Dadaab refugee camp with no death reported so far. The last measles case was reported on the 5 th of June, likely to be the end of the outbreak after the measles vaccination campaign in the camps concluded. In Marsabit and Wajir counties, Kalaazar outbreak has resulted to 208 cases and seven deaths (CFR 3.4 per cent)",4
11270,"99,065 in planned camps 14,827  in settled camps 6,119 host communities",10
4979,"Q: How far are the natural rainwater pools and water tanks from the Rukban camp? How do people retrieve water?      Distances vary because the water sources are spread out. Some are around 20km away [from Rukban] while others are as far away as 50km. People who own water tanks or water trucks will fill them up and sell the water to refugees in the camp for anywhere between SP500 [approx. $1] and SP1,000 [approx. $2] per barrel.",11
2764,"The significant caseload of IDPs remaining at current locations indicates a need for a better understanding of and support to living conditions at displacement sites, and planning for local integration, including through long-term humanitarian support, especially in terms of shelter conditions and livelihoods.",1
389,"In May 2015 a global El Nino event was declared, since this time the Humanitarian Partnership Agreement (HPA) agencies in Timor-Leste (CARE, Caritas, Oxfam, PLAN and World Vision) have been considering and raising awareness of the potential impacts in Timor-Leste.  ",1
8129,Muchanga town is isolated and seven access roads in the district are impassable.,6
4654,"Nizar estimates at least 60 percent of the town of Nuaimah alone is destroyed, with the rest of the suburb’s homes “totally damaged,” leaving residents with little choice but to flee deeper into the countryside.",1
2940," In a bid to revitalize the deplorable situation of the Water Supply, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH) Sector, the Federal Government has declared state of emergency in the sector.The memorandum for National WASH Action Plan was approved during the last the Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting.  The Minister of Water Resources, Suleiman Adamu, an engineer had told the council that the WASH sector is currently in crisis situation and requires urgent action for its revitalization.  The Minister explained that the action plan would set out a 13-year revitalization strategy for WASH sector including 18 months emergency phase and five years recovery plan adding that it would provide for concrete actions to be taken by both Federal and State Governments under five components comprising governance, sustainability, funding, financing and monitoring and evaluation.  According to a statement signed by the Director Press in the ministry, Mrs Kenechukwu Offie, the minister explained that the Action Plan includes the establishment of a National WASH Fund as a tool for the promotion of renewed Federal-State partnership and increased financial investment for WASH so as to measure up to regional level of funding.  Adamu said the National WASH Action Plan would change the worrisome situation and reverse the ugly trend while the declaration of state of emergency on the sector will change the narrative.  He said following the national declaration, States and Local Governments are expected to follow suit, through increasing their political and financial commitment to the WASH Sector.  He then commended the Federal Government for providing the leadership and demonstrating the necessary political will at the highest level by declaring state of emergency in the WASH Sector.  Speaking further, the Minister said that the ministry has made significant efforts through National retreats with critical stakeholders from the federal, state governments, legislators and development partners that resulted in the development of a National WASH Action Plan.",11
9554,There are reports that the Pakistani military forces over the past two weeks have fired more than 500 rockets on Afghanistan’s border regions. The attacks have left more than 500 families homeless.,9
8506,Côte d’Ivoire hosts the largest population at risk of statelessness in West Africa. UNHCR is supporting the Government in reduction of statelessness under the special declaration law and prevention of statelessness through issuance of late birth certificates by mobile courts.,9
7412,"8,111 severe malnutrition cases reported in 2017 - including 20 deaths.",4
8046,"as of May 19th 1,374,425 people have been affected or severely affected in the country as a result of the rain and flooding produced by El Niño coastal phenomenon.  49,623 homes are destroyed or uninhabitable and more than 260,000 homes are affected; 253 schools have collapsed or are uninhabitable and 2,617 are affected; there are also 63 collapsed or uninhabitable health facilities.",1
6945,"According to the 2018 Humanitarian Needs Overview, 2.3 million people will be in need of humanitarian assistance in 2018 in Niger. The needs analysis shows the persistence of five major crises affecting the country: food insecurity (1.4 million people estimated in need), malnutrition (1.7 million people), epidemics (1,170,000 people), floods (170,000 people) and population movements due to conflict or migration (392,305 people).",9
3549,"During recent missions to two provinces bordering the main conflict region, Kwilu and Lualaba, UNHCR’s team met some extremely vulnerable new arrivals.  Many said that they spent weeks fleeing through the dense forest without food, drinking water, medicine or clothes and saw people dying on the way, including women and children. ",3
8719,"The report further pointed to areas of threat in the White Nile and identified as the unsafe sources of drinking water, refugees camps, and the lack of sanitation and hygiene services in the municipalities.In a speech derived in the meeting, Minister Abu Garda said the health situation is reassuring. However, he added that the challenge still remains, requiring more efforts to raise awareness and to chlorinate drinking water outside the water network.",11
945,"Thirteen other structures were demolished or seized in Area C and East Jerusalem on grounds of lack of Israeli-building permits, displacing 19 Palestinians, including 7children, and affecting the living conditions of another 128. Six of the structures targeted had been provided as humanitarian assistance to two vulnerable herding communities in Area C: Abu Nuwar (Jerusalem) and Khashem ad Daraj (Hebron). In the former community, one of 46 at risk of forcible transfer in the central West Bank, the authorities seized solar panels providing electricity to the local school.",10
8537,Key informants report that food prices are increasing significantly and there are credible indications that water and electricity supplies are intermittent. Shortages of basic and specialized medicines are also being reported.,4
931,"Over 31,000 learners were displaced by the Marawi conflict. As the fighting has destroyed schoolrooms and are not ready to reopen, displaced parents who enrolled their children in Iligan or neighboring schools are keeping them enrolled through the remainder of the school year to finish their studies. Education interventions including psychological first aid for learners is still needed in host communities and evacuation centres. There is also a need to provide information on the status and availability of early learning services for displaced families. Displaced children are also vulnerable to exploitation and violence, and there are reports of children being recruited into armed groups. Psychosocial interventions must be urgently scaled to reach children, and identify vulnerable ones and provide referral services, including alternate care.",2
4243,"Rape, sexual assault, domestic violence and child marriage, among other forms of gender-based violence, have been identified and require immediate, holistic responses from humanitarian actors. ",9
5077,January prices were 27 percent higher than the five-year average (2012–2016) and have increased by 9 percent since January 2016. ,3
10408,"A majority of respondents believe Dominicans are unprepared for the 2018 hurricane season (03);Respondents are undecided on whether the lives of Dominicans have improved since the hurricane (014). Among those who say life has not improved, widespread homelessness and outstanding home damage are cited as the main reasons for negative responses;Half of respondents say they have not been able to resume their jobs or livelihood activities (Q13). Unemployment and financial hardship are reported by 70% of respondents as a reason for people leaving Dominica (015);More than a third of respondents do not think that their most important needs are being met (Q4), the majority of them call for financial assistance;There is a downward trend of people feeling treated with respect by relief workers (Q12).Just under half of respondents do not think that support is going to those who need it most (Q9). Participants of the quantitative survey as well as the focus group discussions report that patronage plays a role when aid is distributed, and discrimination based on political affiliation is an issue. Respondents call for independent, non-governmental supervisory bodies to help determine who receives support and oversees distributions;Information provision to affected communities on available support has not improved across the three rounds of data collection (Q1). Many respondents assert that aid providers are not coming to the people with the relevant information, and the lack of phone and internet service is preventing them from accessing information (Q9);Respondents say they would like to receive information about available support during face-to-meetings with providers and through phone calls (Q2);Most of those interviewed do not know how to make complaints about the support they are receiving",10
11461,"More than twenty people died of unknown disease in Otash and Kalma camps near Nyala in the past two weeks. Most of the victims are children and elderly people.  A sheikh in Otash camp for displaced people said that sixteen people had died, while another sheikh in Kalma camp reported that seven people died in two weeks' time. ",4
6762,"More than 45 people were reportedly killed, including six aid workers working with two NGOs, during an attack by armed men in Duk Payuel village, Duk County (Jonglei). Reports indicate that another 19 people were injured, including three aid workers. During the attack, houses were burned, and civilian properties looted and destroyed. Nearly 2.4 metric tons of humanitarian food items were looted and a warehouse was vandalized. There are reports of thousands of civilians displaced to the neighbouring village of Poktap. About 55 children and women were reportedly abducted by the attackers and more than 1,300 cattle raided. The attack also displaced over 2,000 people from Duk Payuel to Poktap, according to findings of a rapid assessment mission.",5
2975,"All new arrivals require health assistance.  ? Crowded living conditions with lack of adequate water and sanitation (WASH) continue to present significant risks of communicable disease outbreak.  ? All new settlements need scale up of health care services, including mobile services to access those in hard-to-reach areas.  ? Health care services implemented at settlement level lack standardization, quality of care needs to be reinforced.  ? Insufficient accessibility to inpatient and secondary health facilities, including referral system. Need to reinforce existing hospitals and additional inpatient service delivery.  ? Insufficient services in essential reproductive health as well as maternal, child and new-born health services, especially in hard-to-reach areas.  ? Insufficient clinical management of rape survivors, family planning as well as adolescent friendly health services.  ? Need for scaling up and standardization of the community health workers (CHW’s) network, to ensure adequate health and hygiene promotion, as well as continuum of care.",10
9387,"On 28 April, 36 Yazidi survivors, including women, men and children, reached Dahuk safely, after they escaped captivity by the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) for nearly three years",9
3163,"Indicative data collected by the TFPM at the community level through key informants show that the number one priority need among IDPs are: food (76%), access to income (8%), shelter/housing (4%) and cooking/washing water (4%).",5
2953,"A recent WFP assessment of the Sobat Corridor in South Sudan has found that the food and nutrition situation has deteriorated significantly due to insecurity and related displacements, disruption of livelihoods and market functionality.",3
4859,"Kafr Zeta Hospital, in the suburbs of northern Hama, was put out of service today, after being attacked for the past two days. The hospital was indirectly hit on Sunday causing minor damage to the facility. Today, at 2:30p.m. Damascus time, the hospital was directly targeted and attacked with several airstrikes, causing damage to the facility and putting it out of service. ",4
2338,"Yemen's national blood bank may be forced to close due to a lack of money after an international medical charity decided to end two years of support, the director of the blood bank said.But the U.N. World Health Organization (WHO) said it was trying to help by sending further supplies.Patients suffering diseases including thalassaemia, cancer and kidney failures, as well as victims of a two-year civil war in which more than 10,000 people have been killed, would be affected if the bank closed, officials said.",4
5408,"On 12 June Chad’s Ministry of Production, Irrigation and Agriculture declared a crisis over diminishing pasture in eight regions of the central Sahel belt and in northern Chad. Recurrent rainfall deficits in recent years have accelerated desertification and reduction of pastureland and water, particularly in the Sahel belt. The situation has significantly worsened since February, leading to an early pastoral lean season and livestock deaths. Herders begun migrating earlier than usual. This has sparked tensions over access to water and grazing land and increased conflicts between the herders themselves and with farmers. The Food Security cluster is in contact with the ministry to jointly develop a plan to tackle the crisis.",0
5486,"Planting of the main 2017 cereal season, to be harvested from June, is expected to begin towards the end of April. Weather conditions have been relatively normal as rainfall levels have been about average in most cropping areas of the country, including the main cereal producing Region of Artibonite. However, there is some uncertainty about the ability of farmers to access inputs, such as seeds and fertilizers, particularly in the southwestern departments of Grand’Anse, Sud and Nippes, severely impacted by Hurricane Matthew in October 2016. While these departments produced a negligible amount of rice output, they, on average, account from 20 to 25 percent of the national maize production. According to the National Coordination for Food Security , a Governmental agency, farmers in these departments lost significant assets. In most extreme cases, grain stocks put aside for seed have been consumed or sold to meet other immediate needs. Moreover, the probability of an El Niño event during the June-August period, at the end of the vegetative growth period and the beginning of the harvest, has risen above 60 percent in March. FAO’s preliminary forecast assumes an increase in cereal output of only 7 percent in 2017, from last year’s hurricane-reduced level. This forecast assumes that weather will develop normally throughout the season and accounts for the difficulty in accessing necessary inputs.",0
5843,"Since 2015, Eritrea has experienced drought conditions caused by El Niño that further undermined household food and livelihood security, particularly for women and children, and contributed to a cholera outbreak across three of the country’s six regions. These dynamics have led to high levels of malnutrition among children under 5, pregnant women and lactating mothers, particularly in the lowland areas",3
10243,"A health assessment in Usaylan and Bayhan districts in Shabwah governorate has found that limited health services are being provided to recently displaced people. The Health Cluster is working with partners to address the gaps. Other recent assessments show varying needs across southern governorates. In the Al Mishkafa IDP temporary settlement in Lahj governorate, key needs include health, water and sanitation, and shelter",11
4052,"Crisis (IPC Phase 3) is expected to continue through September in southeastern pastoral areas of Ethiopia, with some households in Emergency (IPC Phase 4). Food security in lowland areas of eastern and central Oromia and northern SNNP regions will likely deteriorate during the lean season, following poor harvests in 2015 and 2016.",3
8241,"Maize marketing activities are slower than usual due to low local and regional demand. Therefore, maize prices range from around ZMK 40-50 per 50 kg bag in most districts, which is causing concern among farmers. In comparison to last year, current maize prices have dropped by more than 50 percent. In a few districts (e.g. Monze & Mkushi) maize prices are slightly higher at ZMK 55-65 per 50 kg bag, however this may be temporary. Soya bean prices have also dropped by as much as 65 percent in comparison to the previous season because current supply is much higher than demand. Meanwhile, the Food Reserve Agency (FRA) announced on July 25th that the buying price for the season will be pegged at ZMK 60 per 50 kg bag. This price is disappointing for farmers that were anticipating a better price from the FRA. The FRA is likely to purchase 500,000 MT of maize for the strategic grain reserves starting in August.",3
8196,"The humanitarian situation in Myanmar is characterized by a complex combination of vulnerability to natural disasters, food and nutrition insecurity, armed conflict, inter-communal tensions, statelessness, displacement, trafficking and risky migration. The situation is compounded by chronic poverty and underlying structural inequalities and discrimination, including on the basis of gender, disability, ethnicity and religion, which exacerbates needs and vulnerabilities of affected people in many parts of the country",9
8179,"Insecurity has also negatively affected market activities and households’ purchasing power and access to food, according to the USAID-funded Famine Early Warning Systems Network (FEWS NET). Nearly 4 million people experiencing moderate or severe food insecurity required food assistance during the June-to-August lean season—an increase of 805,000 people compared to 2016, according to the UN.",3
11020,"In the area of health, the long-lasting consequences of the conflict include shortages of qualified medical  personnel and life-saving medicines and the destruction of health infrastructure, leaving many without  access to basic medical care. Medical facilities have been targeted by aerial bombardments, resulting in  fatalities and destruction of facilities. Impeding the delivery of essential medical supplies, equipment and  treatment, has been used as a weapon of war while there are continuous reports on the removal of  medicines and medical supplies from aid convoys and attacks on medical facilities and personnel.  ",1
2854,"Khirbet Susiya and Masafer Yatta – the South Hebron Hills Several Palestinian communities facing expulsion live in the area of Masafer Yatta, southeast of the town of Yatta, numbering some 1,300 residents in total. The state is also trying to expel the residents of Khirbet Susiya, a community that numbers some 250 residents, in addition to another 100 who join it seasonally for livelihood. On 1 February 2018, the President of the Supreme Court decided that the state could demolish seven structures in the village, which serve 42 people – about half of them children, and some of them ill persons – immediately.",10
6926,"Across the region, food insecurity will remain high owing to the effects of poor rainfall, transhumance restrictions, high staple food prices and increasing displacement by conflict. For children, worsening food security will create additional hurdles such as learning difficulties or school retention, as parents are unable to afford fees and need their children to stay at home to work.",3
3061,"The authorities want the displaced living in and around the school buildings to be relocated before classes resume, and their future remains uncertain.",10
10781,"Since 21 March, increased c lashes between Non-State Armed Groups (NSAGs) and Syrian Armed Forces in northern and western Hama have put c ivilians at risk of injury , death and displacement. The continued fighting led to the c losure of the Hama-Muhradah road and Hama-As-Salamiyeh road, restric ting commerc ial and c ivilian movement. The roads between As-Salamiyeh and Aleppo and As-Salamiyeh and Homs were also temporarily c losed, but re-opened on 23 March. According to media sources, fighting has been reported a few kilometers north of Hama c ity , near Hama’s military airport. The estimated 40,000 people, mostly women and children, have been displaced mainly from villages in Suran, Muhradah and As-Suqay labiyah sub-distric ts to other locations in Hama, Homs, Tartous and Lattakia governorates.",9
9981,"While the Congolese government is the primary guarantor of human rights in the country, the international community has an important role to play “through international assistance and co-operation.” Placing the burden on the government alone to address the obstacles to the fulfillment of the right to health would be to ignore the political and economic difficulties that the country faces. Despite an abundance of natural resources, Congo is one of the poorest countries in the world, with weak infrastructure, poor governance, and widespread corruption without accountability. ",4
7769,"l. As of May 2017, almost one third of primary schools (500 out of 1,610) in 66 municipalities of Gao, Kidal, Timbuktu, Mopti and Segou affected by the security crisis remain closed, resulting in an estimate of 100,000 out-of-school children. In addition, over the reporting period, the situation of school closures in Mopti continued to deteriorate; the region accounts for nearly half (248) of the total number of schools closed. Moreover, 9 schools (5 in Gao and 4 in Timbuktu) are occupied by armed groups. Recruiting and deploying teachers is a major challenge: it is estimated that 1,634 teachers are missing in crisis-affected areas, and in particular in Kidal region, where 65% of teachers have a voluntary status.In May 2017, a total of 500 schools remained closed in crisis affected regions due to insecurity. The situation in Mopti region is particularly serious, where 13% of schools are closed",2
5152,"Desperate parents in Yemen are increasingly marrying off their young girls for cash. For families desperate for cash, unable to support their children or afraid they cannot protect their daughter’s “virtue”, marrying off a girl becomes the solution.Unicef said in March that early marriage in Yemen has become “alarmingly widespread”. ",9
1075,"Lake Lanao is a major source of water for domestic use. Drinking water comes from the water system whi le other preferred to purchase water from water refilling st ation or nearby water retailers.  Septic tanks of affected families are usually full with water. Some residents practice open defecatio n directly in Lake LanaoBased on observations, some of the affected familie s have no capacity to purchase hygiene items. They have very limited available clothes because most of their ite ms were submerged into water, taken away by the flo od or drown into mud. Money used to purchase their basic items is a challenge for them due to affected livel ihood activities",11
9412,"The failure of the March-June long rains, following two extremely poor rains in 2016, have led to widespread crop failure, acute water shortages, and declining animal productivity – including the lowest production of milk in years, which pastoral children rely on for protein. Poor feeding practices, disease outbreaks and limited access to health services are being exacerbated by a nationwide nurses’ strike, now in its third month. The lack of food and water in schools and drought-related migration are also pulling children out of classrooms. Several schools have closed while others are overcrowded because of migrating children or children who come in search of school-feeding. There is anecdotal evidence of increasing early marriage and child labor. An estimated 1 million children are in need of support to keep learning. Across the country, 1.6 million children are now food insecure, up from 1.2 million in February and 600,000 in August 2016.",4
8079,Limpopo River levels are continuing to rise and could causing flooding along its banks in Xai-Xai city in the coming days.,1
5585,"The protracted crisis affected 489 schools; of those, 40 have been fully damaged and 26 are accommodating Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs), thus affecting 244,500 Libyan students (considering that the average number of children per school is 500), in addition to 160,178 refugee and migrants (considering 40 per cent of the total refugee and migrants are children below 18). The start date for schools during the 2017/2018 academic year has been delayed three times for different reasons including security issues, shortage of teachers, delays in receiving text books and the need for schools’ rehabilitation. It is estimated that a total of 300,000 children are in need of education in emergency support. The most affected population are: • 67,000 IDPs, • 79,000 returnees • 121,000 non-displaced children • 32,000 refugees and migrants",2
10829,"This outbreak is raising a number of key questions which need to be addressed. For example, it is not known why the case counts continue to surge despite the fact that the beginning of the outbreak was 10 to 11 months back from now. Its not sure if the cases have been “over- reported”. The number of laboratory- confirmed cases is very low compared to the total case counts. It is also not sure if the outbreak has already peaked as data are inconsistent with an outbreak of chol- era which has been reported elsewhere. The geographic spread of this outbreak is very intense which raises additional ques- tions regarding the risk factors and trans- missibility of the Vibrio cholera strains currently circulating in the country.",4
7127,"The number of people fleeing western Mosul citycontinues to climb steadily. Taking into account some 32,000 people that have returned to accessible areas, as of 10 May approximately 414,000 people were currently displaced from western Mosul according to the Iraqi authorities. This brings the total number of people who have been displaced from Mosul city and its surrounds to 622,000, as of 10 May, of whom some 480,000 people are currently still displaced. The majority of displaced people have fled to camps and emergency sites where humanitarian assistance is being provided. Conditionsfaced by anestimated 360,000 people living in ISIL-held west Mosul are of significant concern to humanitarian partners, as access to food and clean water sources continue to remain significant challenges. Health partners warn of the potential risk of waterborne disease outbreaks as summer approaches and temperatures rapidly increase.",3
7345,"About six health facilities in Yei River State have stopped functioning due to the ongoing conflict in the area, causing massive suffering of people especially the elderly, women and children, a top state official said.",4
9479,"On 11 February, Taliban conducted a suicide attack targeting Afghan National Army soldiers outside of Kabul Bank in Lashkar Gah, the capital of Helmand. The attack killed at least seven civilians, and at least as many were injured, mainly child vendors outside the bank.",9
6182,"Before the current crisis, mental health care was institution-based, and there were no services available at the community level. Mental health care services were available in just 2 cities, and only 70 psychiatrists and a limited number of psychologists were available for a pre-war population of 22 million people. There is now a much greater need for mental health services, especially among children who have been exposed to unimaginable trauma, suffering or loss. As a result, it became increasingly important to make mental health services available in general hospitals and primary health care centers, and train health workers to identify, diagnose and treat patients, including those who may not even be aware of their mental health condition.",5
8708,1.2 million in need of immediate WASH support. The target of the WASH Sector is 750’000 people out of the 1.2 million people in need.,11
6428,"Seventeen children detained since July 2016 by the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) on suspicion of involvement with the Islamic State, also known as ISIS, say that government security forces tortured or otherwise abused them in detention, Human Rights Watch said today. They are among at least 183 boys the KRG has been holding on ISIS-related accusations, most, if not all, apparently without charge or access to a lawyer.The children, ages 11 to 17, alleged that Asayish, the KRG’s security forces, held them in stress positions, burned them with cigarettes, punched and kicked them, beat them with plastic pipes and cables, and shocked them with electricity. None of the children had access to a lawyer during interrogation, and most had not been permitted to contact family members since their detention, in some cases for months. The legal basis for the detention of the children remained at best unclear, suggesting they were being detained arbitrarily. Except for one Kurdish boy, all the children interviewed were Sunni Arabs from areas of Nineveh, Salah al-Din, or Kirkuk governorates that remain or were under ISIS control until late 2016. All said they were apprehended by Asayish or the KRG’s Peshmerga military forces between July and November, most from the Debaga camp for internally displaced people, 40 kilometers south of Erbil",9
6087,"Of the 2.2 million children suffering from acute malnutrition, 462,000 are severely and acutely malnourished (SAM).",8
1918,"“We have budgetary constraints for hosting, providing food, shelter, water, sanitation, health services, school for children and physiological support to the refugees,” he said. ",10
3100,"Activist Civil society Organisations in Sudan’s White Nile state have reported that at least 20 people have died of cholera and 1,180 others have been infected in the state, saying ‘the authorities’ non-recognition of cholera is a crime’.He pointed out to the emergence of 91 cases at El Hilla El Jadeeda west of Rabak and 26 other cases at the villages of Hashaba, El Mileih, and Badriya.He pointed out that there are more than 50 cases still being held in isolation at Maaz Bin Jabal School in Rabek receiving treatment until Wednesday.“The situation is still deteriorating, although the authorities have sprayed the districts next to Maaz Bin Jabal School and provided some medicines. Several villages have complained of a lack of intravenous fluids and tonic.”",4
2912,It has been reported that a Tanzanian fuel tanker hit the bridge eventually blocking the passage.,6
11916,"The hepatitis E epidemic declared in April in Niger is marking a decreasing trend, after recording 1,672 cases in the Diffa region",4
6121,"Barely 48 hours after a deal was reached to reopen the gas pipeline from the Wafa field, it has been shut down again and Tripoli once more faces power cuts.",7
10452,"? The total estimated people in need of protection interventions and activities include 913,500 estimated number of Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh which includes: 33,000 registered refugees, 274,500 estimated unregistered refugees, prior to 2017, 607,000 estimated arrivals since 25 August 2017. The protection sector is also counting 300,000 host community and planning for 270,000 people as contingency. ? With increasing new arrivals, comprehensive, protection-sensitive reception systems need further development to ensure proper reception of all refugees (including those with vulnerabilities and specific needs). There is a lack of capacity of protection agencies and service providers to address protection risks and needs in host communities, villages and informal settlements.Targeted assistance to all persons with specific needs requires scale up, including psychosocial First Aid (PFA), Psychosocial Support (PSS) and counseling services with a focus on the high number of female single-head of households and separated children. ? Information provision and dissemination (relating to all services and sectors) needs further improvement. ? Partners report that refugees continue to leave some camps due to pressure from host communities. ? Basic infrastructure, including drinking water points, lighting, signposting, and WASH facilities are still not available to many of the refugees, or facilities need improvement leading to protection needs, particularly for women and girls. ? As confirmed by a new assessment by HelpAge, older refugees are especially facing severe difficulties accessing very basic services, including healthcare and are exposed to heightened protection risks. ? A comprehensive cross-sectoral mapping of available services is an urgent need to ensure that services are available and accessible to refugees in an equitable manner in the different locations, and to avoid duplication of efforts. ? Also, community structures are to be fully mapped and strengthened, including issues of representation and participation, to ensure that the communities can actively participate in decisions affecting them and can contribute to the fullest to their own protection and well-being. ? The overcrowded camps exacerbate many risks. More spaces are needed to offer services. ? Unaccompanied and separated children continue to face many risks, including the risk of being exposed to early marriage and child labor. The identification of unaccompanied and separated children, as well as other children at risk, needs to scale up to refer them to and provide them with appropriate support. Capacities for family tracing and the system for reunification must be strengthened.",9
4696,"? The Shelter/NFI sector will target 942,000 total people for Shelter/NFI assistance",10
8031,"Even if the latest IPC (February 2017) doesn’t reflect the situation as a result of latest wave of violence (May 2017), trends indicate a deterioration in household food security. Limited and poor food consumption remains above 50 percent. The prefecture of Ouham has been classified as IPC Phases 3 and 4 for over three consecutive years and the households’ food security survey indicated that poor, limited and unacceptable food consumption scores are 46 percent, 42 percent and 29 percent, respectively.",3
9954," Minimal (IPC Phase 1) food security outcomes are expected to continue to prevail in most of Lesotho between August 2017 and January 2018, however some areas are expected to start experiencing Stressed (IPC Phase 2) outcomes between October and January 2018. Most households, including the very poor and poor are still accessing staple cereals from their own harvests and consumption patterns are stable. Households purchasing power is also currently stable, allowing households enough income to also access essential non-food items as well.- Among middle and better-off households, crop sales are currently the main source of income. Some poor and very poor households are receiving income from this as well, but the majority do not harvest much surplus to sell and are relying mostly on off-season casual labor and self-employment. Some of these activities include domestic work, construction, fencing, house smearing, and many others. Middle and better-off households are providing more labor opportunities this year in comparison to last year.- Farmers are currently selling cereal to traders, who are then supplying markets. Legumes and pulses are also available in markets. Since many rural communities are still consuming their own harvest, demand for staple cereals is low. Regardless, traders are selling more to urban dwellers who rely on market purchases throughout the year, so staple prices are currently stable, but are expected to rise when rural demand increases during the peak lean period.",3
3037,"In the agriculture sector, approximately 29,173 ha of several crops were lost being Massinga, Morrumbene, Inhambane and Funhalouro the most affected districts. Moreover, about 135,865 fruit trees (cashew and coconut trees) were lost. These fruit trees represent an important source of incomes for the population affected (most of affected districts were Massinga, Inharrime, Morrumbene and Jangamo districts). The authorities estimated a need of 128 tons of diverse seeds among cereals, pulses, vegetables and tubers.",4
7914,"The ongoing ‘peace talks’ in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia are viewed as the only lasting solution to the current humanitarian crisis in South Sudan. It is hoped that lasting peace will prevail. Until then, the humanitarian needs will continue to grow. Limited access to vulnerable communities, especially in conflict-affected areas, continues to be a major challenge to humanitarian aid agencies. The insecurity has disrupted immunization coverage in most areas, leading to outbreaks of vaccine-preventable diseases such as measles and whooping cough.",4
9717,"Pakistan’s military courts are empowered to try individuals who have committed offenses including abduction for ransom, waging war against the state, causing any person injury or death, creating terror or insecurity, and various other offenses. The draft law seeks to expand the jurisdiction of the military courts to individuals who commit, “grave and violent acts against the State.”",9
6141,"This week between 4,300 and 10,000 people transited through Hammam Al-Alil daily from west Mosul.Families reported that the continuous fighting, shelling, airstrikes, targeting of civilians attempting to flee, and the lack of food, water, and basic services are the main reasons of forced displacement",9
5854,"Peru has experienced exceptionally heavy rain during January-March – especially in the month of March. This is linked to a coastal El Niño event, which is impacting Peru and parts of Ecuador. The province of Piura, in northwest Peru, received a record 258.2 mm in the space of 24 hours earlier in March. On March 30, it received its second highest total 147.7 mm.  More than 100 people have died, hundreds of thousands have been impacted and much infrastructure has been destroyed, according to government figures.",7
2853,Education -None of the children are in school because families do not have enough money to cover the costs of uniforms or equipment.,2
7656," She also said that there are 562 refugees in Trinity Church, which is 8 miles from Mytikyina and located on the road to Myitsone, and more than 800 refugees need to take shelter in Tanghpre RC Church in Tanphaye Village near Myitsone. “About a thousand people are trapped in the forest. They are not being rescued,” said Daw Nan Pu. ",9
10230,"The cumulative performance of Xays/Daada rains (October to February) was slightly below-average, but together with favorable 2016 Karan/Karma rainfall, has contributed to marked improvements of livestock ownership across Djibouti, except in Dikhil region, improving household incomes and food and milk access. As a result, the majority of poor households are expected to remain in Stressed (IPC Phase 2) through May 2017, ahead of the lean season.",5
7625,"Journalists' network In a new report by the Sudanese Journalists for Human Rights (JHR), reportedly 15 women journalists have been abused by the security apparatus in Sudan in one year's time.Another five journalists have been subjected to judicial and legal procedures for their work, and three have been abused by various state institutions, the annual report by JHR read.The publication of the report about abuse against women journalists coincided with World Press Freedom Day. In another report by Reporters Without Borders, Sudan was ranked 174 out of the 180 researched countries in the 2017 World Press Freedom Index.JHR concluded that there is a phenomenon of assault and systematically targeting the rights of women reporters. ",9
4812,"At least 224 primary schools and 42 secondary schools in Wajir County can no longer function after non-local teachers fled. The exodus was caused by the Feb. 16 al-Shabab attack on a primary school in which two non-Muslim teachers were killed. Kenya's Teachers Service Commission transferred 329 teachers elsewhere for their safety. Many others left on their own. In all, 917 non-Muslim primary school teachers have left the region.Analysts say the extremist group threatens gains in education in a region that until recently was the most marginalized in Kenya and has been described as a hotbed for recruitment for extremist groups, which oppose Western education. Children out of school become easy targets.Some 120 non-Muslim teachers have left their posts in Mandera County due to the latest insecurity. The teachers have been sleeping in the Kenya National Union of Teachers boardroom for nearly two months and spend their days camped out at the offices of their employer, the Teachers Service Commission. Police routinely use tear gas on them as they protest and demand better protection from the extremist threat.",2
5936,"Parts of the city have also been suffering from power cuts, particularly early in the morning when more people than usual have been waking to eat before sunrise in line with Ramadan fasting rituals.",6
10033,"217,500 PIN. For shelter, priority needs include provision of adequate emergency shelter (for new IDPs), temporary shelter (if displacement is to continue) and individual housing solutions where appropriate (as part of overall efforts to end displacement). Camp Coordination and Camp Management (CCCM) support is needed to improve the lives of those within camps and to prepare for life after displacement. NFI support is needed to meet basic household needs of affected people.  The affected people in Myanmar who continue to face particular challenges in having decent shelters, NFIs, and CCCM support are the following: 86,900 conflict-affected people in Kachin, 10,738 in Shan and 119,876 people in Rakhine who remain affected by restrictions on their movements and access to essential services",10
7921,"Formal camps in the area have swelled beyond capacity, leaving most internally displaced people to find refuge in 160 makeshift settlements, which are spread over a large area. They are living in improvised tents, with as many as three or four families in each. Most of the families have an average of six members. In these informal camps, there is limited access to basic shelter, sanitation, food, water and medical care. The wet, cold weather and overcrowded camps threaten to contribute to a further deterioration of conditions at a time when many humanitarian actors are scaling back operations inside Syria.",11
2856,"Hospitals in Hadibo and Qalansiyah are functional although Khalifa hospital, in the former, has reportedly sustained partial damage.",4
924,"B’Tselem field researchers detained by Israel Police while documenting movement restrictions in Hebron. B’Tselem volunteer B’Tselem field researchers Manal al-Ja’bri and Musa Abu Hashhash were detained yesterday in Hebron while documenting the increase in movement restrictions imposed by the military at the Bakery Checkpoint. Al-Ja’bri was questioned and held in police custody in the settlement of Kiryat Arba until late last night. Abu Hashhash was held at the checkpoint for about 40 minutes and released.On Sunday, 18 June 2017, B’Tselem field researcher Manal al-Ja’bri set out to capture video footage of the Bakery Checkpoint in Hebron, after receiving reports of an increase in the severe restrictions on movement imposed on Palestinian residents of the area for years. The checkpoint is located at the entrance to the main road of the a-Salaimeh neighborhood, near the Tomb of the Patriarchs. Al-Ja’bri was detained by a Border Police officer and taken to the police station in the settlement of Kiryat Arba. B’Tselem field researcher Musa Abu Hashhash arrived at the checkpoint to continue filming and was also detained by a Border Police officer. The officers did not allow the two to contact B’Tselem. According to Adv. Neri Ramati from Gaby Lasky & Partners Law Offices, al-Ja’bri was taken to the police station in the Israeli settlement of Kiryat Arba at around 4:00 P.M., where she was questioned on suspicion of obstructing a police officer. The police required bail for her release. Abu Hashhash was released without questioning after being detained by Border Police officers at the checkpoint for about forty minutes.",9
9842,"In Somalia, an estimated 2.34 million people are expected to be in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) and 802,000 in Emergency (IPC Phase 4) through December 2017. However, food security may deteriorate further, as the Deyr (October to December) season is now forecast to be below average, while the above projections were based on a forecast for rainfall to be average tending to below average. A risk of Famine (IPC Phase 5) still exists through at least early 2018 and continued, large-scale humanitarian assistance is needed to prevent the loss of life and livelihoods.",3
11641,"The United Nations refugee agency says two female suicide bombers attacked a camp for internally displaced people in eastern Niger’s Diffa region, killing two people and wounding 11. It calls this the first suicide attack in the eastern part of the Diffa region in a year and the first-ever attack against the camp.Kabelawa camp is about 50 kilometers (31 miles) from the border with Nigeria. It hosts more than 10,000 people who have fled violence by Nigeria-based Islamic extremists Boko Haram. ",9
6366,"According to the IPC reports published in February and October 2017, the number of people living in food insecurity (crisis phase) decreased from 2.35 million to 1.32 million during these two periods. ",3
8778,"ACCESS TO SANITATION AND HYGIENE • As was the case with access to food, water, and healthcare, residents of Duma faced limited access to sanitation and hygiene facilities due to limited freedom of movement. • While people did have access to latrines located on the upper floors of the basements where they were staying, CRs reported security risks as a main barrier to access. However, the absence of alternatives meant that residents were forces to use these latrines despite the potential risks involved. • Other barriers to access included insufficient facilities for the population at hand; latrines not functioning properly; latrines being unhygienic; and a lack of privacy while using the latrines, including no separation between women and men. • Similarly, handwashing facilities were available in both basements or on upper floors of residential buildings. CRs reported that handwashing was perceived as less important than using latrines, and as such, residents preferred to wash their hands using water and soil or water and ash. Following the escalation in the conflict, soap was not available. It is likely that the practice of not handwashing could lead to the spread of disease in already unsanitary and overcrowded basements. • Meanwhile, disposing of garbage in the streets was the only reported way residents were managing waste.",11
4966,OHCHR has reported that at least 70 mass graves have been found in formerly ISIL-held territory since October 2016.The ISF and Kurdish Peshmerga forces have discovered five additional mass graves in towns near Mosul. Three of the mass graves were discovered in Hammam al-Alil and likely contain the bodies of hundreds of missing Iraqi police officers. On 22 March Human Rights Watch reported that ISIL had also disposed of the bodies of an unknown number of executed ISF members in a sinkhole near Mosul.,9
8481,"In addition, not only the quantity of food intake is reduced but the dietary diversity is also drastically diminished by the substitution of more nutritious cereal and vegetable staples with cassava and the sharp reduction of animal proteins intake. This widespread dietary deterioration raises serious concerns of having a dire effect in terms of nutrition and health. According to the latest Integrated Food Security Phase Classification (IPC), valid for the period from February to May 2017, about 1.1 million people (30 percent of the total population) were in need of urgent assistance (IPC Phase 3: “Crisis” and IPC Phase 4: “Emergency”). Eight out of the 15 prefectures were in IPC Phase 3: “Crisis”. The situation has recently deteriorated due to the increasing displacement and recurring conflict",3
3265,"Camps south of Mosul, closer to west Mosul, are almost at capacity. ",10
2233,High levels of malnutrition is being reported across the ASAL regions and the nutrition situation is expected to deteriorate in the coming months if the dry spell persists,8
1861,"The suspected RVF outbreak in South Sudan should continue to be closely monitored. Despite insecurity in the area which impedes access, surveillance in human and animal populations needs to be scaled up rapidly to detect new human and animal cases in a timely fashion, and continued support from partners and international laboratories may be needed to support testing of animal and human cases. Clinical capacity to manage any new cases, with infection prevention and control, should also be enhanced in affected areas. Although investigational findings available to date indicate that Rift Valley fever is the etiological agent of this outbreak, more substantial confirmation is needed.",4
923,"The area has not been cleared of hundreds of improvised explosive devices left as booby traps by IS. Medical personnel say injuries to children and others from explosives are reported frequently, sometimes on a daily basis.",9
3951,"At least six people have died in heavy flooding across the Andean nation of Bolivia, where days of rain have left thousands of people homeless, fields underwater and houses destroyed.The worst affected is currently Santa Victoria Este in Salta Province, located near the border with Bolivia and Paraguay, where 10 000 people have been evacuated and hundreds of families are isolated and without communication after the flooding of Pilcomayo River.",10
4941,"• An average of 70% shelter in makeshift settlements is damaged, 20% severely damaged in Kutupalong and Balukhali. Significant number of shelters sustained severe damage in refugee camps too. • Self-initiated repair and reconstruction started after the storm, with some roofing materials salvageable and repurchased, estimated 30% affected population have started rebuilding. • People who are displaced or lost their shelters took shelter in nearby villages, schools or mosques. However limited options are presented to UMN population and the space is overcrowded",10
5518,"6.1 million people in need of protection.The conflict has had unprecedented negative impact on women, girls and boys. Grave violations of human rights are ongoing, requiring a scaling up of robust protection mechanisms. Existing unmet protection needs are compounded by critical additional needs in areas recently recaptured by the Government. Access to quality, multi-sectoral SGBV prevention and response services as well as strengthened reintegration programmes for women and girls including those formerly abducted by Boko Harm are essential. Also, there is need to support child protection, education and specific programmes for de-radicalization particularly targeting youth who have been used by armed groups. Funding constraints remain a challenge for agencies that need to scale up and expand coverage. Further, the limited capacity of partners to respond in a timely and effective manner may impede upon life-saving interventions.",9
3082,"Due to rainfalls, the level of potable water provided to refugees decreased Permanent Water Treatment Plant temporarily shut down due to collapsed raw water tank and leakages at the pipeline. Lack of sufficient sanitation tools for use in the camp",11
11363,"Amid the worst drought in nearly two decades in the Democratic Republic of Korea (DPRK), the United Nations agricultural agency is calling for emergency food assistance, as well as irrigation and farming equipment, to help farmers get through the lean season.  “DPR Korea's crop production for 2017, including staple rice, maize, potatoes and soybean, has been severely damaged by prolonged dry weather conditions, threatening food security for a large part of its population,” according to a new report by the Food and Agricultural Organization (FAO).  Rainfall from April to June in key crop producing areas is “well below the long-term average,” severely disrupting planting activities and damaging the 2017 main season crops.  The rainfall is below the level in 2001, when cereal production dropped to an “unprecedented” two million tonnes. The lack of food caused a large part of the population to go hungry, the UN agency reported.  'Immediate interventions are needed to support affected farmers and prevent undesirable coping strategies for the most vulnerable, such as reducing daily food intakes,” said Vincent Martin, FAO Representative in China and DPRK.  He said it was “critical” that farmers receive appropriate and timely agricultural assistance, including irrigation equipment and machinery.",3
6685," Many vulnerable families struggling to meet their basic needs are increasingly resorting to negative coping mechanisms such as engaging in child labour and child marriage, instead of sending their children to school.",9
7955,"central darfurWater and sanitation situation According to the mission, there are only 42 hand pumps functioning, of which 10 need minor repairs in the whole of Rokoro locality. People are forced to get water from unprotected sources such as open dug wells and haffirs, the majority of which were found unfit for human consumption. In addition, all schools and nutrition centres visited did not have a water source. Latrine coverage was estimated at 25 per cent and poor solid waste management was observed. ",11
9837,"In 2016 the country faced an epidemic of malaria along with yellow fever, dengue and chicungunha, as a result rainfall associated with the conditions of sanitation of the environment and difficulty in controlling the vector of the anopheline mosquito, whose peculiar density is very high in every country,",4
7031,"In these counties, 268,000 young children are moderately acutely malnourished in addition to 37,000 pregnant and breastfeeding mothers who are registered in health facilities. WFP has initiated treatment of children with moderate acute malnutrition using ready-to-use supplementary food in the 10 arid drought-affected counties.2 In addition, WFP will start the treatment of children in the 13 semiarid drought-affected counties3 with supplementary food in May as a direct response to the ongoing drought. ",8
10559,"Floods in Kwale had uprooted at least 1, 500 families from their homes and killed livestock. ",10
9230,"Diarrhoea leaves six dead in three days At Sawakin hospital in Sudan’s Red Sea State, at least six people have died, including a child, as a result of acute watery diarrhoea within three days.  Medical sources have attributed the outbreak of watery diarrhoea in Red Sea State to the environmental degradation and contamination of water and food.",4
2736,"Throu ghout South Sudan, f ood security has improved marginally with the harvest , including in some counties where Catastrophe (IPC Phase 5 ) populations were likely during the peak of the 2017 lean season : In Kapoeta East of Eastern Equatoria , Rumbek North and Yi rol West of Lakes, and Tonj North and Tonj South of Warrap, key informant information indicates the ongoing harvest and access to fish and livestock products have contributed to slight improvements in food security and even worst - off households have some a ccess to these improvements. However, throughout the country many households did not cultivate, or they harvested minimal amounts of cereal. Nearly half of the population remains in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) or worse due to this and severely limited livelihood options to access other sources of food. Catastrophe (IPCPhase 5) l ikely persists in parts of Leer , Wau, Nyirol , and Ayod, where many of the worst - off households likely do not have access to harvests and ongoing insecurity is also limiting the delivery of assistance and access to natural sources of food. Emergency humanitarian assistance continues to be delivered to around 2.5 million people a month and this assistance is preventing more extreme outcomes in many areas, although the reach of assistance is under 50 percent of the estimated population in need. Despite emergency assistance and the ongoing harvest, results from recent SMART surveys indica te persistent high levels of acute malnutrition and excess mortality (Figure 2 ).",8
11180,"Lesotho not predicted to have external food assistance needs in July 2017. Food security improved from July 2016 and after the lean season until March 2017, IPC  1 predicted",3
8131,"During the last three days 80 asylum-seekers informed UNHCR and partners to have been denied access to asylum procedures in Hungary and 35 in Croatia but instead been collectively expelled back into Serbia, with some alleging maltreatment by the authorities of these EU member states. ",9
8146,Three displaced people have died and more than 45 others infected by an as yet unknown disease that is spreading in the camps for the displaced at Sirba locality in West Darfur.,4
2115,"The Egyptian army has not compensated the family for the destruction of their house. 'They left us to face unknown destiny with our young children … Now, we live in abominable conditions and hugely suffer to get the basic services of water and electricity,' Shigan said.",9
3852,"The leader of the group of parliamentarians of the Social Democratic Front (SDF) at the National Assembly, Hon Banadzem Joseph Lukong has described the conditions under which some youths arrested in the wake of the crisis rocking the North West and South West regions and detained at the Kondengui central prison in Yaounde as “extremely delicate and worrying.”",9
3121,"Humanitarian assistance is still required, as the situation is expected to deteriorate further between June and August 2018, with 795 000 people in Crisis (CH Phase 3) including almost 20 000 people in Emergency (CH Phase 4) during the lean season. This is an estimated 32 percent increase since the 2017 lean season",3
8116,"While making numerous attempts to enter the country, these Chechen refugees are struggling to survive the limbo in Brest. Numbers may be consistently decreasing (from around 3,000 in August), as every day only two or three families are let into Poland, but the crisis is far from over. Among these people, single women and children are particularly vulnerable. ",9
8370,"In addition, more than 60 acute diarrhea treatment centers were damaged or completely destroyed in the affected areas. Assessed communities reported that access to healthcare significantly decreased since the hurricane due to the destruction or damage of health facilities, inaccessibility due to damaged roads, and the lack of qualified staff, medicines and financial means to pay health costs15. In hurricane-affected communities, 609,000 people need access to safe water, through rehabilitation of systems, cleaning and protection of sources and wells. They also need access to chlorinated water, at water point in priority, otherwise at household level. At least 26 water supply systems need to be rehabilitated. Together with their shelter, people need to re-access proper sanitation facilities. ",4
9709,"In Venezuela, between EW 26 of 2017 and EW 16 of 2018, a total of 1,631 cases of confirmed measles were reported; 727 in 2017 and 904 from EW 1 to EW 16 of 2018. Of the confirmed cases, 1,353 were confirmed by laboratory and 278 by epidemiological link. Two deaths were reported. Most of the suspected cases come from the state of Bolivar, followed by the Capital District. Another 11 states have reported cases (Figure 3).As part of the intervention, a National Rapid Response Plan was designed to interrupt the transmission of the virus, including the use of regional and municipal rapid response teams, the implementation of vaccination strategies and activities, epidemiological surveillance, investigation of cases, contact tracing, and training of health personnel; supported technically by the national level. The country has provided more than 6 million doses of measles, mumps, and rubella (MMR) and measles / rubella (MR) vaccines to increase vaccination coverage in children and adolescents to interrupt viral transmission.",4
450,"The Palestinian Ministry of Health announced, Thursday morning, the death of the 20th patient case in Gaza, due to the ban on travel abroad for treatment.Spokesperson for the Ministry, Ashraf al-Qedra, said in a statement that the patient Baha Radee,aged 14, died today because he could not receive treatment abroad, as the Ramallah-based Palestinian Authority banned the medical vouchers.The health ministry warned of the increase in the number of dead patients and children because the Palestinian Authority suspended issuing medical voucher to patients in the sector. ",4
4203,"UNHCR is concerned about the potential risk of human trafficking and smuggling in the refugee settlements, with some reports from refugees of parents being approached with offers to take their children away and for a better life for women and men through marriage arrangements and jobs. UNHCR is developing anti-trafficking awareness materials and working with partners to highlight risks to refugees. In December, UNHCR’s partner Bangladesh National Women Lawyers’ Association (BNLWA) conducted awareness sessions on trafficking for almost 3,000 refugees and 120 community representatives. These efforts will continue in 2018.",9
8964,"According to the Ugandan Ministry of Health, 34 people have died and 1,257 cases have been confirmed. Cholera, an acute infectious disease, is spread through eating contaminated food and drinking contaminated water. If not treated, it can quickly prove fatal. ",4
2500,"Acute Watery Diarrohea (AWD) is reportedly increasing in Kutupalong camp and Balaukhati settlement in Cox’s Bazar region of Bangladesh, where there has been a recent influx of Rohyngya refugees from Myanmar. An increasing number of cases were reported by humanitarian partners, raising concerns about a potential outbreak of cholera.  ",4
6135,"12 321 people affected, five deaths, one person missing, 10 wounded and 10 288 displaced. More than 605 houses have been destroyed with roofs torn off. Six communes in Maroansetra are completely flooded and 65% of the houses in Maroansetra town are reported to be destroyed. ",5
8878,"In Malaysia, the number of registered Persons of Concern (POC) to UNHCR is currently 150,430, of which approximately 56,000 are Rohingya.",9
10669,"The health and safety of more than 520,000 Rohingya children living in overcrowded camps and informal settlements in Bangladesh is likely to be put at even greater risk ahead of upcoming cyclone and monsoon seasons, UNICEF warned today.'As we get closer to the cyclone and monsoon seasons, what is already a dire humanitarian situation risks becoming a catastrophe. Hundreds of thousands of children are already living in horrific conditions, and they will face an even greater risk of disease, flooding, landslides and further displacement,' said Edouard Beigbeder, UNICEF Representative in Bangladesh. 'Unsafe water, inadequate sanitation and poor hygiene conditions can lead to cholera outbreaks and to Hepatitis E, a deadly disease for pregnant women and their babies, while standing water pools can attract malaria-carrying mosquitos. Keeping children safe from disease must be an absolute priority,' Beigbeder added.In addition to the increased threat of disease outbreaks, the cyclone season brings an increased risk of flooding and landslides, a direct risk to children's lives. Even a moderate storm could have a devastating impact, with little time to prepare ahead of the start of the cyclone season in march.Tropical cyclones generally strike Bangladesh in two seasons, March through July and September through December, with the greatest number of storms arriving in May and October. In May last year, Cyclone Mora barreled through the region, destroying approximately one quarter of the makeshift shelters in Rohingya refugee camps and causing widespread damage. In addition, the regular monsoon rains starting in June could bring devastating landslides and floods. There is a serious risk that shelters, water systems, latrines and other infrastructure could be severely damaged in storms or floods.",10
9463,"Cameroon's government says resurging violence in the Central African Republic has driven another 20,000 refugees into Cameroon this year and prevented the approximately 300,000 C.A.R. refugees who were already in the country from going home. The recent influx has increased humanitarian needs and tensions in border areas of eastern Cameroon.Cameroon's government says most of the new refugees arriving from C.A.R. this year are women and children.",1
5519,The Water Desalination Plant in Al-Khawkhah Junction in Hays is operating at half capacity after the main generator was damaged. The pumps need to be urgently repaired or replaced.,11
1785,"The prevalence of global acute malnutrition (GAM) decreased in Borno’s Rann town in Kala Balge LGA in recent months, according to an early December rapid assessment by WFP; the assessment identified an average GAM level of 11 percent, whereas humanitarian actors had reported GAM levels as high as 18 percent in some areas of the LGAs in August, which exceeded the UN World Health Organization (WHO) emergency threshold of 15 percent GAM. WFP reports that IDPs living in collective settlements continue to require food assistance; however, the assessment findings suggest that food security actors should transition to early recovery or agriculture support efforts for host populations who have access to arable land. • WFP conducted a similar assessment in Borno’s Damasak town in Mobbar LGA in early December, which found more than half of the surveyed population to be food insecure—including 5 percent who are severely food insecure. As a   2    result, WFP recommended that humanitarian actors target food assistance for households who have limited access to income-generating opportunities or lack assets to support livelihoods, rather than providing general food assistance across the LGA. WFP also highlighted that although arable land is available, many farmers are unwilling to use land further than 2 miles from town centers due to security concerns. • Food security actors should utilize cash-based assistance to meet food needs in Borno’s Konduga town, according to a late 2017 REACH Initiative assessment of food assistance modalities among displaced and host populations in the town. Nearly 60 percent of surveyed households preferred cash-based assistance to in-kind aid; primary reasons for the preference for cash-based assistance included freedom to select preferred foods and flexibility to use assistance for both food and non-food needs. In addition, more than 80 percent of households have access to markets. However, food affordability remains a challenge; on average, households had insufficient cash to meet food needs on 12 days per month. The assessment also found that the majority of vendors selling staple food items would likely have the capacity to increase stocks to meet the higher demand for goods.",8
11742,"On 6 Feb a landslide in Ancash resulted in 360 PIN, 480 people affected, 80 houses affected, 60 houses unlivable, 2 roads damaged and agricultural areas damaged",10
5144,"Six months into the military operation to retake Mosul City from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), civilians continue to have significant humanitarian needs. These needs are most severe among displaced families, both in and out of camps, and vulnerable residents in newly accessible areas.  On 19 February, Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) resumed military operations to retake western Mosul from ISIL. The humanitarian impact has been significant. Since the new offensive began, approximately 330,000 people from west Mosul have been displaced to camps and emergency sites as of 18 April, according to the Government of Iraq.",8
9697,"In addition to the threat posed by explosive hazards, up to 80 per cent of all buildings in Ar-Raqqa city are severely damaged, and at risk of collapse. An unconfirmed number of corpses reportedly remain trapped under the rubble, posing a public health risk. Rubble removal campaigns continue in many neighborhoods, however, many residents reported to have paid for the cleaning of their streets by themselves.",10
6933,"But Algerian border guards intercepted us and didn’t allow us to enter Algerian territory. Now we are stuck between the Algerian and Moroccan borders and no one is providing us with any food or any kind of assistance. I have family living in Morocco, which is why I wanted to go there.'",4
6132,"Over fifty IDPs waiting to be flown to Nasir of Latjor by the state government say they are stranded at Mangateen in Juba for several months now.The individuals, mainly women and children, say they have been putting up in the area since February this year.The IDPs, who say they are now suffering, were promised a lift since then, but that has not been implemented by their state government.“We have been suffering since we came to this place in February 2018. Now they are giving us rice without oil, no salt, and no Lentil. Our children are also sick,” said a mother of four children.“We are being rained on because they only provided us with one tent for 60 people.”Lajor State Minister of Gender Nyanuer Willian Nyuon rejected the claims, saying the IDP were given food items last Monday.",4
11546,"Since the beginning of the Coastal El Niño event, the number of affected people has further increased and now stands at 1 117 533 persons (from which 156 420 have been left homeless), along with 4 360 km of roads destroyed, 35 284 collapsed and/or inhabitable houses, 603 health facilities and 1 805 education institutions affected.According to recent assessments, around 567 000 persons are without water and sanitation services in the departments of Tumbes, Piura, Lambayeque, La Libertad, and Ancash and at least 22 584 persons are living in shelters (informal / spontaneous) without services. The protection sector is of great concern.The Government of Peru is preparing a National Emergency Plan soon to be released, while the UN is preparing a Flash Appeal.",7
9459,"According to the National Drought Management Authority (NDMA ) November 2017 Drought Bulletins, retail maize prices were within averages in Mandera and Marsabit but were 6 – 24 percent above average across the rest of the pastoral markets due to low household and market stocks and high transaction costs. In Wajir, the prices were six percent below average due to increased relief food distribution , reducing demand for the commodity. Goat prices are mixed, with above-average levels in Turkana and Marsabit, average levels in Garissa and Tana River, but below-average in Isiolo, Wajir, and Mandera. Milk production also reflected the varying conditions, with above the five-year average production in Turkana and Marsabit, but below-average levels in Garissa, Isiolo, Mandera, and Tana River. Tana River’s average milk production was the lowest at eight percent of the five-year average.",3
941,"Upcoming needs: • Disruption of the healthcare system in the Pool department represents a severe obstacle to the implementation of health assistance interventions. A shortage of medical supplies and a lack of qualified personnel contribute to the deterioration of the health of the affected population. As the displaced population begins to return to areas of origin, the Health Sector’s focus will be on the urgent rehabilitation of district health facilities.",4
6317,"It stressed that 160 cases of acute watery diarrhea have been received at Gabait Hospital in the Red Sea state, saying that 8 patients have died of the disease.",4
3562,"In Rakhine, over 128,000 are still in IDP camps or in camplike settings while more than 402,000 non-displaced stateless people and some 128,000 other vulnerable people continue to be in need of humanitarian assistance. In IDP sites, temporary water and sanitation infrastructures require maintenance/ operational support, including regular hygiene promotion activities. Increased market-based approaches in WASH will be considered to optimize response. In mid-2017, 94 per cent and 69 per cent of target IDPs in camps had access to sufficient quantity of safe drinking and domestic water, and basic sanitation facilities respectively. In terms of water quality in camps, 63 per cent of assessed camps in Rakhine were reported to have contamination with e-coli presence. This indicates further needs for water treatment and hygiene promotion in those assessed camps. The WASH needs in northern Rakhine are currently largely unknown due to access restrictions. Across Rakhine, IDPs and other vulnerable people are annually affected by severe water shortages and floods. Chronic poverty and high risk of disasters mean intensive efforts are required to bridge the humanitarian /development divide to tackle future vulnerability as well as current needs.",11
7950,"There has been a four-fold increase in the number of people who are food insecure in Burundi – from 730,000 to 3 million – owing to the rising prices of basic food items, the seasonal rain deficit during the 2016 agricultural season, poor harvests, and chronic poverty.",3
9789,"Increased debt is not the only anxiety that accompanies the daily lives of families in the north. “The threat of cholera is constant because of the flooded latrines,” says Virline Romain, President of the regional branch of the North-East of the Haitian Red Cross, and a nurse by training. “People need hygiene kits not only because of cholera but also because of other waterborne diseases. People died because of skin diseases following Irma, “she adds.",11
6809,"Severe food insecurity continues to impact 2.6 million Burundians, with an estimated 62,500 children under 5 requiring treatment for severe acute malnutrition (SAM)",8
3275,"In San Rafael de Oreamuno, in the eastern part of the province, a tree fell on power lines and caused a short circuit that left most of the community without power for several hours. Fallen trees and strong winds also caused short circuits in downtown Cartago and in the canton of El Guarco.",6
9061,"Thirty-five year old Mary Samson and her seven children are among thousands of civilians who fled to Deim Zubeir, in Western South Sudan, after fighting broke out in nearby Raja in April last year. They live in the compound of the Catholic Church in a makeshift shelter made from dried grass collected from the area.Philip Batista, County Executive Director of Deim Zubeir, says that there has been little emergency relief aid for the 8,000 internally displaced people and the situation is deteriorating. Those seeking help are particularly susceptible to disease with children at greatest risk.Following the April 2016 crisis, there has been little farming activity in Deim Zubeir and the situation is getting more fragile with not enough food for the host community let alone the displaced people, says Philip Batista. He is urging humanitarian agencies to provide emergency relief support.",3
4293," Intense rains and snowstorms in central and southern Chile have left four people dead and nearly 3,000 homeless, as well as hundreds of thousands without power, authorities said on Saturday. Most of those displaced live in the southern region of Biobio, where rivers overflowed and 34,000 lost power.",10
11675,"Food security conditions have improved slightly with the 2017 main season crops harvested in September-November. However, these improvements are likely to be limited and short-lived as the harvest in 2017 is estimated at below average levels in these areas, due to erratic rainfall during the cropping season and reduced agricultural inputs, including seeds and fertilizers.",3
8102,"Delays created during the implementation of these procedures has put a strain on humanitarian conditions in existing sites where capacities are reaching their limit (e.g. Al Hole) or where the response and available services are already limited. In Areesha/Bahra site, living conditions have deteriorated while the current response still struggles to meet the needs. Consultations with women and girls in this site highlight the lack of properly separated WASH facilities, poor safety devices and insufficient lighting of the facilities, triggering insecurity and fear of harassment, with few cases already reported. Cases of harassment of male IDPs by local security forces have also been alleged. This situation emphasizes the necessity of sensitizing camp administration and local actors working on the sites about basic gender/age mainstreaming concepts and GBV preventive measures. Cases of unaccompanied and separated children is reportedly on the rise, while reunification is not always possible due to an absence of a coordinated mechanism.",9
5951,"There's no water to wash or to clean with. Everything has been cut off: water, electricity, food,' she said. 'We want humanitarian groups to help us out before we die of hunger and disease.'",3
9647,"Due to the water cut from main source at Al Khafse station from Euphrates River the three pumping stations in Aleppo city (Sulaiman Alhalabi, Bab Alnerab and Tishreen) are also not functioning",11
1365,"Food Security & nutrition 112 newly arrived children under the age of five were screened through MUAC (mid - upper arm circumference), weight for height and edema. Of which 9 (8%) of them classified as being severe acute malnourished (SAM) and 21 (19%) were moderately acute malnourished (MAM) and therefore the GAM rate, based on MUAC, Edema and Z -score, for the period stands at 27%. Likewise, 19 (37%) of the total 51 pregnant and lactating mothers screened were at risk for acute malnutrition. ? As compared to the previous two weeks, the nutrition status of newly arriving children has deteriorated by about 10%, while that of the mothers showed improvement. All SAM new arrivals started on appropriate treatment at the reception center. All malnourished children are referred to nutrition centers of the respective camps for appropriate treatment as per the CMAM (Community based Management of Acute Malnutr ition) guidelines.  ",8
3872,"Conflict in Yemen continues to be the primary driver of the largest food security emergency in the world. Currently, large populations face Crisis (IPC Phase 3) or Emergency (IPC Phase 4) acute food insecurity, the latter of which is associated with an increased risk of excess mortality. IDP populations and poor households in conflict zones are likely facing the most severe food security outcomes.",3
9873,"A third of women will experience violence at some point in their life. Violence against women and girls knows no boundaries of geography or culture – it is a global crisis. However, marginalized women, including poor women and girls, are the most vulnerable to violence.  ",3
2548,"On top of this, cuts in health spending by the government that is fighting a hugely expensive war, a drastic fall in the Syrian currency and indirect effects of the sanctions are all deepening the misery of patients who need foreign-made drugs.",4
11097,"Witnesses said that Burmese soldiers had beaten, sexually assaulted, stabbed, and shot villagers who had gathered for safety in a residential compound, two days after Rohingya militants attacked a local security outpost and military base.",9
598,"Despite the prospect of another drought, household food security was still satisfactory following improved agricultural production in the 2016/17 rainfall season, according to a report released in December 2017. The report, titled 'Agricultural Inputs and Household Food Security Situation Report', compiled by the Namibia Early Warning and Food Information Unit (NEWFIU), states that in major communal crop producing regions it was observed that most households were still dependent on the last season's food stocks. According to most households interviewed for the report, food stocks were still sufficient to sustain them until the next harvest in May. However, a few instances of food insecurity were reported, especially in areas that suffered the effects of poor rainfall, excessive rainfall and damage caused by last season's army worm invasion.",3
9336,"Following the evacuation, interviewees noted that the top concerns include basic needs, employment (particularly among men and boys), education for children, safety, adjustment to displacement, and need for psychosocial support. Around 45 per cent of those interviewed did not intend to travel onwards after the evacuation, while 43 per cent said they did. Intended destinations included Turkey (25 per cent), Jarablus (Aleppo Governorate), or villages where they had friends or relatives.  ",4
7018,"Morocco was affected by a cold wave on Saturday the 27th of February 2016, this wave caused by a polar air mass flow passing from the North Pole to Europe and North Africa generated westerly winds accompanied with extreme and low temperatures.The regions of the Middle Atlas and the north of the High Atlas and the neighbouring plains witnessed severe thunderstorms, while significant snow fell over the High and Middle Atlas, the Rif and the highlands of eastern Morocco.Number of people affected: 750,000 ",7
8784,"The Joint FEWS NET-WFP Market Monitoring Bulletin for the month of February 2018 found that the steady increases in oil production and export prices have allowed foreign exchange reserves (FOREX) to continue to increase. These indicators, combined with an improved inflation rate are to gradually bringing Nigeria’s economy out of recession. Although the value of the Naira (NGN) remains well below historical levels it has shown slow gains in value in recent months. The bulletin reports also the Nigerian Government announced that rice imports will remain banned for 2018 with the goal of encouraging local production. ? The findings from the Joint Crop Assessment Report indicate that the year progressed with normal rainfall situation across the country. Available evidence showed that the production of cereals may be slightly higher in 2017 compared with 2016. Cases of flooding in 22 states were reported. The variations in output between 2016 and 2017 may be attributed to climate change factors, destabilization and displacement of farmers in the North-Eastern Nigeria by Boko Haram, frequent clashes between crop farmers and pastoralists",3
3713,"An estimated 1.2 million children are or will be acutely malnourished over the next year, including more than 232,000 children who are at risk of life-threatening severe acute malnutrition (SAM).",8
958,"Talking to The Daily Star, many people who arrived at the shelters yesterday said they feared there might be more landslides amid the pouring rain. They urged the government to ensure the supply of other necessary items like medicine, brush, soap, towel, blanket, etc.",4
4217,"Since the beginning of the conflict in Syria, more than 450 health structures have been attacked, and more than 750 medical personnel have been killed, according to the Union of Medical Care and Relief Organizations. In 2016 alone, more than 200 attacks on health care facilities were reported inside Syria. Hospitals continue to be targeted regularly in the country, directly and indirectly, each time causing injuries, deaths and destruction.",4
4839,"A total of 15 new suspect measles cases were reported from Rimenze IDP camp (Yambio); one suspect case from Ezo and 17 cases from Wau PoC in week 10. (Table 4.1). The case cluster in Rimenze-Yambio was investigated by the SMOH and MSF Spain. Samples collected for confirmation. During the week of 27 February 2017; there were 8 measles IgM positive cases confirmed in Gogrial west; 2 measles IgM positive cases in Juba; and 1 measles IgM positive cases from Wau PoC. There were 19 confirmed rubella IgM positive cases from Wau PoC. With Ongoing Intervention in Wau IDP site, the measles cases continue to decline. The follow-up measles campaign is scheduled for 17 to 28 April 2017.",4
11728,Safe water sources could be destroyed and latrines could quickly overflow – the risk assessment estimated one quarter of both are vulnerable. This increases the chance of disease outbreaks.,11
302,"Fighting in neighbouring Central African Republic’s north-western region, in July, has forced 4,766 people to flee across the border to Touboro locality in North region of Cameroon. UNHCR, which is registering the refugees, said the figure is likely to increase. Aid agencies are providing medical care and food to the refugees who urgently need shelter, basic household items, food, health care and documentation. The local health centre is being reinforced to improve services and help assess the needs of the refugees.",9
7774,"UN World Food Program Director of Emergencies Denise Brown stated that there is no viable alternative port to al Hudaydah on May 18. Brown explained that 75 percent of UN food aid enters Yemen through al Hudaydah port, an al Houthi-Saleh-controlled city on Yemen’s Red Sea coast. Brown countered a frequent claim by the Hadi government and Saudi-led coalition that Aden could serve as an alternative, pointing out that the port lacks the storage, transportation, or docking infrastructure to facilitate UN operations. The UN believes that over five million Yemenis could lose access to food if al Hudaydah is disabled.[4]",5
1965,"The Turkish Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu announced this week that 29,899 Afghans had crossed into Turkey since January – this compares to a total of 45,259 for the whole of 2017. The Minister said 7,100 migrants have been sent back to Afghanistan since early April and this number is likely to rise to 10,000 by the end of the week.The Turkish authorities have asserted that the returns are voluntary and that UNHCR has periodic access to detention centres while Amnesty International said they have received reports to the contrary. According to the organisation telephone interviews with detainees in the Düziçi container camp, where at least 2,000 Afghans are reportedly held, revealed they had been forced to sign Turkish documents which they couldn’t understand- believed to be “voluntary repatriation forms”. Some of those interviewed had refused to sign the form and were still deported.",9
6095,"Militiamen shot dead a man, and cuttheear of another in Kutum in North Darfur on Sunday. On Saturday, two men were abducted from the Kutum Market. A group of militiamen robbed the passengers of a commercial vehicle on the Kutum-El Fasher road. Another group stole goats from displaced in Kutum. ",9
4324,"The people living in the west side of Mosul face the biggest challenges. MSF runs one of only two functional hospitals there, but access to health care is still a challenge, as the number of people returning is well above the capacity of the health infrastructure in that part of the city [to treat]. Many can’t afford to pay for taxis or public transport to get to Al Khansaa in east Mosul if they need to, and [MSF] faced many problems following up on patients who couldn’t afford much-needed trips to the hospital.",4
11158,"The day before, armed clashes between armed opposition groups and Afghan security forces had intensified near Besram, located near the border between Alingar and Mehterlam districts.",9
8499,There are hundreds of Muslims trapped inside a Catholic Church compound in Bangassou after the town was overrun by members of a Christian armed group last May. They took shelter in the church and risk being killed if they leave the protection of UN peacekeepers. Difficulties in getting medical supplies (see video). ,4
9785,"Heavy rains that occurred in the region of Ica caused landslides damaged infrastructure, houses, and five health centers, around 90 families affected at the moment as reported by the National Institute of Civil Defense (INDECI). Furthermore, 50% of drinking water in the town of San Ignacio and la Isla in the districts of Palpa, Rio Grande, Santa Cruz, and Llipata has been affected. In addition, 20 hectares of crops in the district of Ingenio, province of Nasca were affected. Also INDECI reported 4,167 people affected as a result of the intense rainy season in various regions of the country. ",11
2726,"There are currently signs of a deterioration of the food security and nutrition situation, the extent of which is unclear as administrative restrictions prevent aid agencies from conducting independent needs assessments. Low rainfall has led to failed harvests and a 37% increase in food prices. ? 900 000 people are expected to experience severe food shortages in the coming months while 56 000 severely malnourished children will require lifesaving treatment. 8 million malaria cases have been reported in 2016, a sharp increase which continues in 2017.  ",8
6606,"livestock productivity continues to fall, with household milk production and consumption, and livestock prices, all registering atypically low levels. Milk production and consumption are now less than one litre per household per day, following poor rates of conception and consequently poor calving, kidding, and lambing. Inadequate feed and long trekking distances have also lowered the yields of lactating herds. Household milk consumption has significantly reduced, with most resorting to powdered milk or purchasing packet milk from the shops. Due to the low supply of milk against constant demand, its price has increased and ranges from KSh. 60 – 100, compared with the normal price of KSh. 40 – 60.",5
4934," Permission for healthcare workers to remain in the camps overnight is essential and remains a challenge. ? The inability of refugees to reach health facilities due to lack of road access remains a barrier to accessing acute medical services such as immunization, SRH and mental health services. ? Prevalent open defecation, blocked latrines and in general, poor sanitation is pre-disposing refugees to water-borne and vector-borne diseases. ? High staff attrition adversely affects the continuity of care particularly for SRH and MHPSS services. ? Language barriers are a challenge for MHPSS service delivery ? Inadequate Infection Prevention and Control measures are noted within health facilities",4
1887,"The lean period usually starts in February in the middle of the dry season and can last until July, when the rains yield a new harvest.“But even in the current harvest period, millions of people need sustained assistance to survive,” the World Food Programme’s representative in South Sudan, Adnan Khan, told IRIN",0
4095,"Site profile,Wau Collective Sites, April 2018: current population as of April 2018, 2,347 households 11,484 individuals. Priority needs:Rehabilitating WASH facilities ahead of the rainy season, Ensuring adequate shelter during rainy season, Supporting unregistered new arrivals",9
6619," Human rights concerns in the Kurdistan Region were flagged in the areas of freedom of movement, freedom of expression, the detainment of terrorism suspects and capital punishment by Amnesty International in its 2016-17 annual report.  ",9
10390,"Libya’s child stunting rate is estimated at 25.9 percent, child wasting at 5.8 percent, and child mortality at 1.3 percent. While these values are not extremely high, updated data are urgently needed to shed light on how six years of intermittent civil war and political strife have affected food security and undernutrition. Conflict and instability have damaged supply chains in parts of the country, limiting access to agricultural inputs and diminishing agricultural production. High unemployment and inflation rates have put further stress on the population (FAO GIEWS 2017a). These factors are worsening food security in Libya, particularly for the country’s roughly 250,000 internally displaced persons (WFP 2017c).",8
1459,"The 2015/16 El Niño brought severe drought conditions to parts of. Loss of crop, livestock, a poor rice harvest and diminished seed stock are among the consequences that presented acute problems for the most vulnerable affected households. In Timor-Leste, the authorities sought immediate assistance for the affected population in five districts Revised Plan of Action (RPoA) Timor Leste: Drought  P a g e | 2 (Baucau, Cova Lima, Lautem, Oecusse and Viqueque) where the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries estimate that at least 120,000 people were severely affected. The global El Niño event of 2015/2016 whilst now in neutral phase, affected 60 million people worldwide including in Timor-Leste. In Timor Leste, drought from delayed, intermittent or absent rain seriously affected agricultural yields due to the failure, deterioration and delay of crops. Livestock deaths, food insecurity and water scarcity further compounded poor nutrition in communities as well as seriously affected livelihoods and recovery abilities. Interagency and Government led assessments revealed that up to 120,000 people in five districts were hardest hit. Affected communities used their usual coping mechanisms including selling of stock and assets, borrowing cash and food, reducing food portions, and consuming seed and food from stores normally reserved for the lean season.",3
3950,"As many as 3,000 cancer, heart disease and kidney failure patients are now literally waiting at the border for treatment, Ahmad Abu a-Reik, an administrator in the Bab al-Hawa border crossing’s hospital told Syria Direct on Tuesday. Bab al-Hawa is the only open border point between Syria’s Idlib province and Turkey.",4
4926,>19% Children under five with Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM),8
10776,Unexploded ordnances and landmines continues to be a serious safety concern. ,9
10057,"It also pledged to register the Afghan nationals who currently have no identification documents, and adopted a national refugee law; and a visa regime for different categories of Afghans.",9
10932,"Bishop Muñoz said the current round of attacks began on July 21, when the militias - known as Anti-Balakas - kidnapped a young Muslim girl, as a result homes have been torched, people killed, and women raped while thousands of others have fled the violence.",9
9726,"There is an outbreak skin disease among displaced persons sheltering at a Catholic Church compound in Riimenze, according to a nurse in Gbudwe.  The Church is situated 30 Kilometers east of Yambio town.  It is reportedly hosting over 7000 IDPs who were displaced following the eruption of violence in July last year.“Most of them are infected with skin disease; so the problem is mainly due to hygiene,” said Meriline Sad, a religious sister working with the Solidarity in the area.She said there are also cases of malaria and respiratory disease mainly among children.  One of the IDPs, Moses Miamangawai said they lack proper shelters is a challenge to them during the rainy season:  “When it rains, it is very cold. We experienced a lot of things like diseases among the children such as diarrhea and malaria.”  He called on humanitarian agencies to assist them.",4
9477,"In Badin, a bout of heavy started Wednesday afternoon, creating problems for people living in Tando Bago, Talhar, Khoski, Pangrio, Malkani Sharif, Matli, Tando Ghulam Ali, Shadi Large, Golarchi, Nindo Shahar, Kadhan, Kario Ghanwar, Khorwah and other areas.   Low-lying areas were inundated by the rainwater and power remained suspended in the areas for many hours, locals reported.  Telecommunication services, including internet connections, were also shaky due to rains, while several crops — including ready-for-harvest rice — also sustained sustained significant losses.",0
4189," A cold wave has the western region of Sudan in its grip, resulting in the death of four children on Monday morning. Two weeks ago, malnourished children also succumbed to the cold.",4
8311,"While humanitarian actors continue to scale up the response in the governorate and in the city, access remains difficult in some areas in close proximity to frontlines, due to ISIL infiltration risks and administrative requirements. Unconfirmed reports indicate that food supplies have depleted in most ISIL-controlled areas in eastern rural Deir-EzZor governorate, resulting in a sharp increase of prices of basic commodities such as milk, meat and fuel. Medical supplies are also reportedly lacking.",7
6867,"According to the latest report released two weeks ago by the World Health Organization, 157 people have died of cholera since the epidemic was declared in June last year.Roughly 3,500 cases have also been reported in the six states affected by the outbreak: Jonglei 'centre', Eastern Lakes 'west', Fashionable and Fangak 'north', Central Upper Nile and Kapoeta 'east'.",4
7875,"The Food Security Working Group has identified the following needs: ongoing in-kind or cash-based food assistance, improving access to water, health and education services, support or assistance to households with children under the age of two suffering from acute malnutrition, incentives to restore productive systems and livelihoods, and reinforcing early-warning mechanism",5
10367,"? In Doro Camp, UNHCR partner Save the Children reported the looting of schools’ properties including desks, chairs, books, gardening tools and other education materials as a consequence of the violence between the host community and refugees in December 2016. The Women Center was also looted including all the 15 sewing machines, along with fabrics for tailoring vocational training.",2
6757,"Harvest of maize is lagging behind last year, with around 50 percent of the area harvested by the end of October. Taking into account the decrease in area planted together with lower yields, the maize output is expected to decline by 19 percent to 600 000 tonnes.",3
10172,"At Socopo, in the agricultural savannah state of Barinas, half of the 20 public schools closed completely in February midway through the term. They have since reopened but - along with the rest of Barinas' 1600 public schools - they are operating just three days a week",2
10585,"Madagascar’s southern regions have been heavily affected by a prolonged drought, aggravated by the effects of El Niño. According to the recently conducted IPC analysis, 850,000 people from the nine most drought-affected districts are severely food insecure (emergency and crisis phases) and in need of immediate food assistance. Another 128,000 people in IPC 2 phase (stressed), but residing in IPC 4 areas also require assistance, as the risk of deterioration of their food security status remains high.",3
9043,"With 40 per cent of schools destroyed or damaged, under attack and/or used for temporary shelters, schools are no longer a safe or joyful place for children to hope and dream.",2
1083,"Sharif Aden Derow, who was the chairman of Musbah, described how the armed attackers rampaged through the camp stealing relief food and mobile phones from families inside their huts. He moved his family to Falay camp in Hodan district in Mogadishu.",9
5970,"There is also a flood of new visuals that portray the brutality of the crisis in Rakhine. There are rumors and lies circulating within the Rohingya camps as well, prompting refugees to take unnecessary and potentially fatal risks. There appears to be little or no attempt by mainstream Bangladeshi news organizations to verify and fact-check the material, a situation that threatens to compound the Rakhine crisis and spark fresh tensions between Muslim and Buddhist communities in Bangladesh.",1
8833,"A cholera outbreak in Tonj state has killed 17 people, and left nearly 95 others sick in Tonj East Count, a government official said.Speaking to Radio Tamazuj on Wednesday, Makuei Wek, Head of Cholera Monitoring and Evaluation Department at Tonj’s Ministry of Health said that since 14 May, 254 cholera cases had been registered out of which 17 cholera deaths were recorded.",4
5229,"Access to clean drinking water remains a serious concern across the displacement zones. At many sites, but particularly in the Maadan/ Sabka and Raqqa countryside zones, although water is available, quality is low and frequently causes diarrhoea or rashes. Open defecation is also a concern, and most frequently practiced at overcrowded tented sites and collective shelters with limited numbers of functioning latrines.",4
8059,"Childhood ends early in the PoC. During the second half of 2016, a number of cases of attempted and actual suicide attempts among children grabbed the attention of the camp´s authorities, and led to renewed action.Unfortunately, the plight of children often goes unnoticed. Within families signs of emotional distress, like aggression or bedwetting, are inadvertently dismissed by parents. Abuse, neglect and hunger can go unnoticed and lead to behavioural change.Neglected children and orphans can be on the streets, sometimes eating garbage as they have no food rations. Alcohol is often the only identified means of escape and can lead to violent behaviour.",4
11316,Bad weather also disrupted power supply to many areas of the city (Noshera) ,7
8554,"About 241,000 displaced people – of which 77 per cent are women and children – remain in camps or camp-like situations in Kachin, Kayin, Shan and Rakhine states. This includes approximately 92,000 people in Kachin, 15,000 in Shan and 5,600 in Kayin who remain displaced as a result of the armed conflict. It also includes about 129,000 people in Rakhine who were displaced as a result of the violence in 2012",1
6046,"On 8 May, WHO was informed by Liberia’s MOH that samples from four of the deceased patients had tested positive for meningitis C (Neisseria menigitidis). Although these most recent reports point to meningitis as the probable cause of illness and death in these patients, the investigation is still ongoing to determine if this bacteria is responsible for other reported illnesses in this cluster.",4
675,"Following an outbreak of dengue in the Solomon Islands, 10,095 suspected cases have been reported across all 10 provinces of the country. Recent heavy rains may have exacerbated the situation as previous trends show a spike in reported cases following the wet season.",4
1205, Niger continues to face critical humanitarian needs caused by the consequences of Boko Haram-related violence in the Diffa region and the high level of vulnerability of people affected by recurrent food insecurity and malnutrition crises as well as seasonal floods and epidemics. ,7
8135,"The health services are significantly affected with dozens of health facilities damaged, while many more remain inaccessible or closed due to absence of human resources. The cold chain systems have been destroyed, health workers have lost their homes – some are traumatized and in some cases unable to work, impacting service delivery. The history of extremely low vaccination rates and sanitation coverage leave the population highly vulnerable to outbreak of diseases. UNICEF response is focused on restoration of life-saving immunisation and maternal and new-born health (MNH) services, replenishment of essential MNH supplies, and re-establishment of the immunisation supply and cold chain systems. UNICEF is targeting an estimated 70,000 children under five years and 125,000 women of child-bearing age for vaccinations, neonatal resuscitation and prevention of hypothermia and antenatal and postnatal care. All response actions are guided by the National Health Sector Emergency Response Plan and in close coordination with WHO, the National Department of Health (NDOH) and Provincial Health Authorities (PHA), through Provincial Public Health Emergency Operations Centres. Thus far, a confirmed 543 children 6-59 months have received Measles-Rubella (MR) vaccinations and 191 infants have received Pentavalent vaccinations in the affected areas. Over 100 sick children received treatment. A total of 15,900 vials of vaccines of different antigens, new-born care survival kits, inter-agency emergency health kits (IEHKs) and Solar Disk Drive (SDD) refrigerators were delivered to health facilities. There is also ongoing work now to distribute cold chain equipment to Hela and Southern Highlands provinces, with roll-out of solar fridges to support vaccination. UNICEF’s health staff on the ground are supporting PHA and Catholic Health Services (CHS) to reach the children and women in the community and temporary shelters in some remote areas. Provincial and district vaccine stores have been restored and are functioning now.",4
5183,"Monguno LGA IDP count 121,781, with food, shelter, NFI and water needs",3
10642,"The Monthly Humanitarian Bulletin Unless additional funds are provided, fuel reserves for the 186 most critical health, water and sanitation facilities in the Gaza Strip will be exhausted in June.",4
625,"At least 13 people were killed and 20 homes destroyed by avalanches and heavy rain which struck northwest Pakistan on Sunday, officials said.",4
10208,"On top of proving ownership of the land, they are asked to prove they live as separate households, each family with their own house. The fact that many families in Nepal live under a common roof but in multiple separate households with their own kitchen has not been acknowledged, meaning that aid has not been delivered to them. ",10
9753," As of 8 p.m. (1700 GMT) five people had been confirmed killed and seven injured, the national office of risk management said. An estimated 22,000 people were either displaced or had their property damaged by what was one of Madagascar's worst storms in years.",7
8732,Large parts of southern Thailand remain under floodwaters after more than a week of heavy monsoon rain as the government scrambled more emergency aid to over a million affected residents. ,11
10335,"As their displacement becomes protracted, IDPs shift from selling assets and spending savings towards the use of debt to meet their needs, as they exhaust their resources. The proportion of households without a source of income has increased across the country, with 32% reporting no income source compared to 19% in December 2016-January 2017. The lack of livelihood sources was most alarming in the Southern governorates of Anbar (58%) and Kerbala (53%), as well as in the Mosul emergency camps, where between 80% and 90% of households reported no livelihood source. Female-headed households were particularly vulnerable, as they were less likely to report having an income and were more often relying more on less sustainable income sources such as aid, gifts and pension. In contrast, male-headed households were more likely to have an employment-based income source.",5
1516,"At the clinic, Dr. Ahmed Yunis said ailments included fever, diarrhoea, parasite infections and stomach pains. There were 300 consultations a morning, and from 15 to 100 in the evening.  Asked if they had supplies and equipment, he said: 'Right now we don't have any problems. We don't know about the future.'",4
6067,"Shelter Cluster estimates that more than 700,000 drought affected persons will be in need of emergency Non-Food Items or emergency shelter in the first six months of 2017.",10
2120,"But Algerian border guards intercepted us and didn’t allow us to enter Algerian territory. Now we are stuck between the Algerian and Moroccan borders and no one is providing us with any food or any kind of assistance. I have family living in Morocco, which is why I wanted to go there.'",3
8543,"More than 200 indigenous Nasa Embera Chamí from La Delfina reservation in Buenaventura (West), Colombia, are currently displaced following an armed attack to a member of their community on 8 June. They are in need of decisive security measures to protect them and access to humanitarian aid such as food, health services and shelter.In the early morning of June 8, 2018, the indigenous teacher and community leader Gonzalo Hilamo Mesa suffered an armed attack in his home with two bullets fired against his residence by unknown men. Mr. Mesa was unharmed, however this recent attack generated fear and terror among the community who massively moved from the area and are currently stationed and confined in a nearby school called Techical-Husbandry Educational Institution (Institución Educativa Técnico Agropecuaria, NACHASIN).",10
6892,"As of October 2017, erratic and below average rains combined with higher-than-average temperatures has caused water stress and adversely affected crop development in some areas. As of February 2018, a 70 percent rainfall deficit was reported, compared with the same time last year and to the long-term average.",0
3894,The health system has been weakened by the ongoing conflict. More than 55% of all facilities are closed or are only partially functional. Water and sanitation systems have been disrupted and continued funding is required for the operation and maintenance of these systems to control outbreaks such as cholera and AWD.,11
11740,"Manyo, Fashoda, Panyikang, and Malakal remain of high concern given ongoing armed clashes that have disrupted livelihood activities and restricted trade flows from Sudan. Armed clashes in Wau Shilluk of Malakal, which began in early January 2017, are now also occurring in neighboring counties. An estimated 20,000 of the 35,000-50,000 people displaced from Kodok of Fashoda have fled to Sudan in mid-May due to lack of food or health services. Households rely heavily on fish and wild foods, as well as humanitarian assistance where available. In Malakal and Fashoda, humanitarian assistance is reaching a largeproportion of the need and Crisis (IPC Phase 3!) outcomes exist. In Manyo, 19,000 IDPs received assistance in May, but displaced populations in other areas, including Adidwoy Boma, do not regularly receive assistance due to insecurity. Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes exist in Manyo. Emergency (IPC Phase 4) exits in Panyikang, where displaced populations also lack access to assistance. From July through September, in the absence of humanitarian assistance, Emergency (IPC Phase 4) is expected in all of these counties due to seasonally low availability of the few key food sources, including fish and wild foods. From October to January, these counties are expected to improve to Crisis (IPC Phase 3) with the harvest. Poor households in Nasir, Longochuk, Ulang, and Maiwut have depleted household cereal stocks and access to fish and livestock products are seasonally low. The consistent delivery of assistance to displaced households in Ulang has prevented more severe food security outcomes and this county is in Crisis (IPC Phase 3!). Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes exist in Nasir where households similarly have limited access to fish and wild foods, but access to markets is relatively better. In Longochuk and Maiwut, outcomes will improve from Crisis (IPC Phase 3) to Stressed (IPC Phase 2) with the availability of livestock products, fish, wild foods, and the harvest. Households in Nasir and Ulang will remain in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) given that the current conflict is preventing a large proportion of the population from cultivating, and little to no harvests are expected. ",3
6243,"Ethiopia: Following poor performing spring rains, the number of people receiving humanitarian assistance has increased from 5.6 million to 7.8 million in the first quarter of the year and is expected to heighten further in the second half of the year. ",3
4867,"A senior official at the Coconut Development Board said the drought in various parts of South India will be a major contributing factor influencing productivity in the 2017-18 season. There are possibilities of palm losses with both the South-West and North-East monsoons being below normal last year. It could take some time to assess production losses as the concurrent estimation for productivity in 2016-17 in major coconut growing States is in progress. The preliminary indication will be available only by the end of this month, he added. ",5
603,"In Kachin and northern Shan, the intensification and spreading of conflict has led to new and secondary displacement. Allegations of international humanitarian and human rights law violations continued to be reported, including GBV, grave violence against children, forced recruitment, and restrictions on freedom of movement. The protracted nature of conflict and displacement have had a dramatic impact on civilians, especially women, children, persons with disability and the elderly whose situation has been further compounded by the lack of access to assistance and protection services due to increased restrictions on travel authorizations. The shrinking of humanitarian space, a climate of impunity, lack of access to livelihoods, high levels of drug use and abuse, and landmine contamination continue to be the defining features of the conflict in Kachin and Shan.",9
4486, About 300 latrines were also destroyed.” He named the injured woman as Amouna Adam.,11
3303,"The situation is evolving in most of areas, falling snow and cold weather where people are still in stranded condition and waiting for assistance",1
11313,Unprecedented moisture in the soil and abnormal humidity in the air due to long period of rain also created dampness in the floors and walls of most houses in the region.,10
203,"A protest was held by the 19 February movement on Saturday against corruption and poor living conditions in the country, especially in terms of lack of cash and the high prices of the dollar in the parallel market. Hundreds of peaceful protesters rallied in the streets of central Tripoli demanding politicians and officials in the west of the country to leave, and chanting 'get out, we have had enough.' The movement called on the Attorney-General to intervene and hold accountable the beneficiaries of the appropriations and the counterfeiters who ravaged the livelihoods of the Libyans, and led the country to this dire state, according to the protesters.",5
5042,"Yei residents seek refuge in schools following fresh clashes Over a thousand civilians are sheltering in school compounds in Yei town after they fled clashes between IO splinter groups in Mukaya County in Yei River state last week.According to the state officials, an infighting erupted between two armed groups in Mukaya.This forced the civilians, who are mostly women and children, to flee to Yei Town.“No casualties were reported from the civilians. Majority of them fled the town and they are residing in Mahad and Kanjaroo schools,” said Alfred Kenneth, the information Minister in Yei River State.He said during the fighting civilians reported that their property were looted and houses destroyed by the armed groups.The new clashes in Mukaya, according to other state officials, has left women and children vulnerable with no food and water. ",11
9788,"Since 2 March, Shkodra prefecture has been affected by extensive flooding caused initially by the melting of the fallen snow due to warm winds and gradually increasing temperatures. Intense rainfall over subsequent days, combined with the increase in discharge from hydro power plants (HPP) in the Drin cascade, have worsened the flooding situation. The floods have been spreading, covering 4,800 ha of agricultural land cutting off 160 housesand fully flooding 40 homes,. The villages of Obot and Shirq, in Ana e Malit and Dajç administrative units, respectively, are in the most difficult situation. The situation worsened on 19 March, affecting even the suburban areas of the city of Shkodra, where 25 people wereevacuated by military and police, and accommodated in a high school dormitory. The deterioration of the situation was caused by the discharges of HPPs Fierzë, Koman and Vau Deja, as well as the high amount of precipitation in Shkodra area, particularly in its northeast. Authorities increased the amount of compulsory dischargesin order to reduce pressure on dams, as water levels are at an almost critical level. The villages of Velipojaand Trushe, and most of the villages of Dajç are faced with drinking water shortages due to the absence of the water pumping system.",11
4625,"The total number is now 12,428 individuals in 3,083 households; more than 98 per cent of them arriving through Banki in Borno State and the rest coming through the Sahuda entry point in Adamawa State. Remaining family members of returnees relocated from Banki to Pulka were scheduled to re-join the rest of their family on 1 June. But UNHCR monitors indicate over-crowdedness, severe water shortages and restriction of free movement outside the main Pulka Town remain principle concerns for humanitarian aid agencies. ",10
5676,"The increase in drought-related displacement has coincided with a sharp increase in forced eviction trends. Forced evictions are especially prevalent among IDPs who have settled on private land, with Mogadishu and Baidoa as the main hotspots, according to the NRC eviction tracker. So far, in 2017 more than 100,000 IDPs have been evicted from their places of settlement, representing a 15 per cent increase compared to the same period in 2016. During the week of 14 to 21 September, over 1,000 IDPs were evicted by private landowners from IDP settlements in Haluul and Harqan, Baidoa region. During the same period, another 8,000 people relocated to from Kagarkaa-Madagari IDP settlements to adjacent settlements after the grace period to settle on the previous settlement expired. The majority are drought-displaced IDPs who arrived in Baidoa since January 2017. Some of the evicted IDPs have been relocated to a new site in consultation with local authorities and protection cluster partners. The WASH cluster partners have raised concern over the damage caused to water and sanitation infrastructure and facilities during the evictions.The trend in evictions is potentially impacted by short-term gains for landowners and gatekeepers from increased taxation due to an influx of assistance for drought-displaced populations. Besides disrupting the livelihoods of IDPs and reducing their ability to cope with the displacement situation, evictions on occasions result in the destruction of humanitarian investments such as latrines. The Protection Cluster, mainly the Housing, Property and Land sub-cluster are engaging with local authorities to prevent further evictions and further request the authorities for a guarantee that tenure agreements will be respected and any evictions will proceed in an orderly and dignified fashion. Through the NRC’s Information, Counselling and Legal assistance (ICLA) programme, communities are engaged to ensure formal tenure agreements are agreed upon with landowners and specific families are assisted with legal counseling or litigation.",11
5589,"Escalating intercommunal clashes and criminality in Tanganyika Province since July 2016 have generated widespread humanitarian needs, according to humanitarian actors. In early August, intercommunal fighting between the Luba and Twa ethnic groups in Tanganyika’s Kalemie Territory resulted in at least 50 deaths, international media report. Between January and June, the UN reported approximately 179,000 new IDPs in the province, bringing the total IDP population to more than 557,000 people. Approximately half of IDPs in Tanganyika live in or near Kalemie town, according to Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF). MSF is providing emergency assistance to affected populations in the Kalemie area, and warns that critical water shortages and overcrowding in IDP settlements could lead to communicable disease outbreaks.",11
11671,"Eastern Ghouta also continued to face severe shortages of fuel and medicine in November, as both types of items only entered the area in very small proportions. The lack of fuel has had a negative impact on the availability of a number of services, such as transportation, water, medical care and electricity. Residents reportedly coped by burning plastic to make fuel. Existing stockpiles of medical items also continued to be depleted rapidly.",7
2154,"Egyptian Coptic Orthodox Christians have been told by church leaders to cancel all events and activities outside churches in July because of a security threat, church and security sources said on Thursday.",9
10161,"We are in dire need of shelter, food, clothing and other basic household facilities because all our household properties were buried,” Mr Fred Wanyenya, one of the survivors, said.The victims also spend nights on the floor in temporary shelters made out of dry banana leaves.",10
10330,"In September, nearly 1,500 measles cases were reported, keeping the outbreak at epidemic levels. In the same month, 650 cases of AWD/cholera were reported, a sustained decline in the number of cases reported monthly in 2017. Over 100 cases of AWD/cholera were reported in the first two weeks of October.",4
6589,local Bangladeshis had disapproved of how the Rohingya refugees had cut down trees in the area in order to build makeshift shelters. They said they were also worried about job competition with the incoming population.,9
6188,"On 3 Jan, lanslide due to heavy rains. 16 people affected, 1 school, and argicultural infrastructure damaged ",0
7286,"Some 1.4 million children in Somalia are projected to be acutely malnourished this year, an increase of 50 per cent over last year",8
4021,"Cities in Darfur continue to suffer from severe fuel and drinking water crises, combined with power outages. “Nyala is in total darkness except for the hospital and government institutions.”",7
9612, There are light damages in the structure of the S. Salvatore Hospital and the emergency procedures have been activated. ,8
9241,"It is estimated that some 2 000 Afghans continue to arrive every day in Iran, while there has been no Refugee Status Determination (RSD) in the country since 2001.After over three decades of conflict in neighbouring Afghanistan, Iran continues to host 951,142 documented refugees (source: UNHCR, July 2016) and between 1.4 and 2 million undocumented refugees (source: Iranian Bureau for Alien and Foreign Immigrant Affairs/BAFIA).",9
7874,"NORTH KIVU: CHOLERA EPIDEMIC OFFICIAL DECLARED IN GOMA  Provincial health authorities on 11 July con?rmed a cholera epidemic in the city of Goma and its surroundings. From 26 June to 10 July, the Provincial Health Division reported 457 cases of cholera and 4 deaths. The dysfunctional water supply company, the use of untreated water from Lake Kivu, poor infrastructures and a dry season that lasted longer than usual are cited as factors that contributed to the outbreak. Seven cholera treatment centers are operational as well as 6 water puri?cation points.",11
7095,"New cases of varicella (chicken pox) continue to be reported in Wau. Similarly, the transmission of measles in Wau continues, with 53 cases reported from Nazareth and Cathedral internally displaced persons (IDP) sites.",4
4993,"Between October 2017 and January 2018, food access will improve somewhat with harvests of near-farm crops (jubraka) and increased availability of wild foods. In addition, IDP households will likely be able to access some cash from the sale of charcoal and receive in-kind payment from agricultural labor. Even with these improvements, IDP households will likely continue to face small food consumption gaps, and in the absence of assistance, will face Crisis (IPC Phase 3) acute food insecurity. ",3
1163,"On August 11 and 12, police carried out house-to-house operations. Residents said that police asked for any men in the house and beat or shot them. Police also fired teargas canisters and water cannons in residential areas.",9
3248,"An estimated 739,000 people have abandoned their rural homes in search of food and water since November 2016, and the incidence of sexual violence is especially high in some makeshift IDP settlements, said the UN. ",9
8622," In Teknaf over 15,000 shelters – covering over 78,000 people – have been identified as in need of upgrades, including plastic sheets, poles and guy ropes. IOM itself is targeting 13,204 shelters housing 66,020 refugees.",10
2871,"However, the latest Integrated Food Security Phase Classification (IPC) analysis (June 2017) reported a 30 percent increase of people living in food insecurity nationally since 2016 mainly due to the crisis in the Kasaï and Tanganyika provinces. About 7.7 million people are facing crisis and emergency levels of food insecurity (Phases 3 and 4), representing 11 percent of the rural population.",3
9310,"The UN counts more than 124,000 suspected cholera cases in the country.",4
7228,"He added that the victims were in dire need of humanitarian assistance, which includes medicines, mattresses and food.",4
1805,"PRL households across Lebanon live in severe poverty spanning several generations: 65 per cent of PRL live under the poverty line and 23 per cent are unemployed, a significant increase from the 2010 rate of 8 per cent.",5
2582,"Despite continuous efforts to transfer asylum-seekers authorised to continue their asylum applications in the mainland, access to warm and safe shelter with adequate sanitation facilities, water and electricity is limited for thousands people, especially on Lesvos, Chios and Samos",11
9979,"Heavy downpours have caused damage in several parts of China.  In south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, three people were killed by lightning, local authorities said Thursday.  Heavy rain since Sunday caused flooding in Hezhou and Baise cities, according to the regional department of civil affairs.  The downpours are forecast to continue, local meteorological authorities said.  In the central province of Hunan, 52 houses collapsed, and more than 5,000 hectares of crops were damaged, due to heavy rain since Wednesday.  In the southwestern province of Guizhou, flooding has blocked traffic and inundated houses and crop fields.  In Wanshan District of Tongren City houses are flooded and residents evacuated. Local meteorological authorities said the rain will continue until Friday.",0
7049,"More than 800,000 people have been forced to flee in order to reach lifesaving assistance. Many of these internally displaced persons (IDPs) have gone to urban centers that are under the control of the government and African Union peacekeeping forces. In cities like Mogadishu and Baidoa, the humanitarian community is struggling to keep pace with thousands of new arrivals in a challenging operating environment. Many of the displaced are currently living in squalid conditions where they not only lack adequate food, nutrition, water, shelter, and healthcare, but also are exposed to risks that threaten their health and physical safety, including sexual and gender-based violence (GBV). The response requires improved coordination, especially at the regional level, in order to address gaps in services and the worsening conditions. ",3
5730,"Apart from the above, the modalities of delivery are not appropriates, there is poor leadership and monitoring of the delivery systems. Furthermore receiving of 10 kgs per person instead of 13 kgs per person is unjustifiable plus each family is asked to bring an empty bottle to collect cooking oil. The sack bags of maize as well as gallons of cooking oil are taken by the distributers instead of giving the owners who are the refugees. Finally the food that is been distributed is mostly in bad shape e.g the beans, maize are weevilled, soya flour has worms and threads plus the beans take long time to cook ( the whole days from morning to evening). They also receive chipere which is not part not their diet",3
6982,"UNICEF said that cases of children being killed, maimed, or recruited into armed groups were the 'highest on record' last year.   ",9
11680,"At least 34 people have been killed and 864 appartments destroyed in recent flash floods across the country, State Ministry for Natural Disaster Management (SMNM) said on Tuesday.  A statement from the SMNM received by Pajhwok Afghan News sadi that the floods were flown in Samangan, Takhar, Kapisa, Baghlan, Badakhshan, Badghis, Panjsher and Ghazni provinces over the last one week.  The source said four other people were wounded, 600 livestock lost and 100 acres of farmland damaged in the floods.  Some affected people in Parwan and Sar-I-Pul provinces have received aid and cash money, the statement said.  SMNM said that a survey for identifying affected families in the mentioned provinces was underway and those who suffered losses or displaced as result of the floods would receive aid.",10
8492,"A four member team from the central government is coming to Jaisalmer, Jodhpur and Barmer on a 4-day visit from February 15 to 18 to inspect the drought affected areas. The team will also visit districts facing shortage of drinking water and fodder in the three districts. The team will reach Jaisalmer on February 15.The officials here have started the preparations for their visit.",5
9369,"• Communicable disease risks remain high due to crowded living conditions, inadequate water and sanitation (WASH) facilities and low vaccination coverage present. As of 11 November, 611 suspected measles cases were reported by partners.",4
8190,The 20 February integrated food security phase classification (IPC) identified Leer and Mayendit. With Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) rates that exceed 30% in the two locations.,8
1466,"An estimated 24,500 displaced school-aged children (3-17 years), most of whom have been out of school for two to three years, are in need of education support in Jibreen, Sheikh Maqsoud and east Aleppo. The number of school-aged children who left east Aleppo to NSAG-controlled areas remains unclear. ",2
1216," In Area C, near Hebron city (Al Buweib), the Israeli authorities destroyed part of an agricultural road, affecting the livelihoods of some 3,000 people.",5
9055,"Mauritania’s ethnic diversity reflects the country’s geographical location, bridging the Maghreb and sub-Saharan West Africa. The population consists of three main ethnic groups, though important distinctions and subgroups nuance each. The first two of these groups, which together form about 70 percent of the population, speak the local dialect of Arabic known as Hassaniya. The first group of Hassaniya speakers are known as Beidans, descended from Arab and Berber conquerors of the country. Haratines are the second and larger group of Hassaniya speakers. They are composed mostly of darker-skinned former slaves and their descendants. The third population group is often referred to as AfroMauritanians or négro-mauritaniens and is comprised of several ethnic groups whose native languages are African rather than Arabic.",9
868," a total of 691,581 undocumented Afghans returned to Afghanistan from Pakistan (248,054) and Iran (443,527)",9
9622,"A senior government official in South Sudan’s Kapoeta State said citizens are facing acute shortages of food in the area, saying hunger has started to force local residents to look for refuge in neighboring Kenya and Ethiopia. She pointed out that nearly 500 civilians are crossing to neighboring Kenya and Ethiopia on a daily basis.",3
333,"Fiji is reeling from the impact of a tropical cyclone that has killed at least four people and caused major flooding, according to local media.While Cyclone Josie was a relatively weak category one when it passed to the country's south-west over the weekend, it brought heavy flooding to the main island of Viti Levu.'There wasn't much damage by the wind itself, but there is substantial damage to crops, to animals, livestock, the roads are still flooded … it's going to be a really touchy couple of weeks,' he said.  ",5
6422,"Roadside Bomb Kills Seven Civilians In Eastern AfghanistanAfghan officials say at least seven civilians, including a woman and three children, were killed when their vehicle hit a roadside bomb in eastern Afghanistan on January 15.",9
713,"Nord-Kivu: 260,000 people affected. 162,000 people in need. ",7
6398,"23-28 May 2017 Movement: Spontaneous Trigger: Voluntary Relocation  516 individuals (102 HH) arrived in Damboa town from Damboa Road, Aluwa Kafa/Mafi ward in Damboa LGA.  DTM & ETT Cumulative: IDPs = 56,869",10
936,"More than 46 per cent of those surveyed believe that violence against women by their husbands is a legitimate practice, while more than 87 per cent indicated that women should not report domestic violence. The vast majority (more than 90 per cent) did not know where to go to report domestic violence, while less than 10 per cent indicated that they would report the incident at a police station",9
1986,"As the backdrop to this, detainees are held in subhuman conditions and systematically denied their basic needs, including food, water, medicine, medical care and sanitation. They are packed into filthy, overcrowded cells without access to fresh air, sunlight or ventilation. In these conditions, scabies, lice, infections and diseases run rampant, and many detainees develop serious mental illnesses such as psychosis.13  ",3
10240," Based on historical trends, the combined production of staple crops foreseen from the two 2017 harvests is expected to result in the worst rice production levels in the last 10 years. ",0
3009,"Authorities organized and led numerous acts of retaliation, including incidents of mob violence, against relatives of government critics abroad. Activists reported cases of torture and deaths in custody of persons imprisoned on politically motivated charges.  The government continued its multi-year campaign to enforce severe restrictions on religious practice.",9
4215,"At least five hundred refugees and migrants are living in Serbia in improvised accommodations or under the open sky while winter weather conditions are getting harsher each day, Doctors Without Borders said on December 14.  More than 100 of the migrants live in the forest on the outskirts of the town of Sombor in northern Serbia alone",10
11054,"• Persistent insecurity in northern and central Mali has had a direct impact on normal agricultural and pastoral livelihoods. Competition between farmers and pastoralists for limited natural resources (pasture, water, etc.) has led to localized conflict in central Mali, specifically parts of Mopti and Segou regions.",3
5139,"Dozens of migrants and refugees are at risk of freezing to death in Europe if immediate action is not taken Save the Children is warning after recent heavy snows and bitterly cold temperatures hit Greece and the Balkans.  So far, more than 40 people [1] – including several refugees and migrants - have reportedly died in the region as a result of the Arctic weather. ",7
8136,"Protection risks increased in the overcrowded RICs as hygiene and security deteriorated, putting children and the vulnerable in particular danger. ",4
9466,"Economic vulnerability is the main driver of food insecurity, especially among the new and older registered refugees. About 16 percent of the new arrivals are currently using their savings which were mostly generated from sales of assets prior to or during the displacement. Once these savings have been depleted and no alternative income sources are found, their situation could further deteriorate.",5
9530,"The number of people food insecure in the hardest-hit areas has decreased from 1 million to 400 000 people, according to the latest Emergency Food Security Assessment (EFSA), conducted by FAO, WFP and the National Commission on Food Security. In the departments of Sud and Grand’Anse, where immediate food and agricultural support was provided, the level of food insecurity has decreased from 79 to 41 percent and from 78 to 54 percent, respectively. Food insecurity is higher in the departments of North West (65 percent), Nippes (58 percent) and Grand’Anse (57 percent) and the coastal part of Artibonite (57 percent) and la Gonave (54 percent), which were not prioritized for emergency response following the preliminary assessment of mid-October 2016.",3
8297," Due to culture, some families practice “tenet of kulle” which prevents women from leaving their homes  thus, impeding their freedom of movement including access to humanitarian assistance and livelihood  opportunities",5
9752,"As of per Aug. 17th, 65 suspected cholera cases, incl. 13 deaths were notified. The first cases of gastro-enteritis were reported from a village named Marrena, depending of Tioro health center. This village, close by Koukou (near Goz Beida, Sila Region, Eastern Chad) is dwelling 5,000 inhabitants shared among 4 neighbourhoods. The water is supplied through 5 open wells, not well-maintained and one borehole, currently not functioning. Based on the report shared by the local authority, two young girls (14 years old) were presented to Tioro health center with diarrhea and vomiting. They both subsequently died few hours after admission from severe dehydration. Two stool samples were collected and sent to N’Djamena for bacteriological confirmation on Aug. 17th. Since this time, several partners are supporting the local authority to respond; however, the latter reported great difficulties and gaps: no hygiene and sanitation agent in the region, no regional pharmacy for regular and diligent supply, no budget to respond to epidemic, no diarrhea prevention kit or car for supervise activities. The regional platform wishes to notify partners of this potential outbreak situation in Chad in regard, as well, of the Acute Watery Diarrhea outbreaks notified in several locations in Sudan, and notably Darfur.",11
784,"Partners continue to respond to the influx of displaced persons in and around Wau since the upsurge of violence on 10 April 2017. However, the influx is stretching humanitarian resources in Wau protected area and space to shelter new arrivals is running out. Partners have constructed additional water points and emergency shelters in an area previously designated for food distributions, in an attempt to cope with the influx. Following reports of two suspected measles cases amongst new arrivals on 25 April, partners are planning a measles campaign in the coming days",10
7213,"Since the start of military operations to retake Mosul six months ago, nearly half a million people have been displaced from their homes.  “The sheer volume of civilians still fleeing Mosul city is staggering,” said Lise Grande, the Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq.  “Our worst case scenario when the fighting started was that up to one million civilians may flee Mosul. Already, more than 493,000 people have left, leaving almost everything behind,” said Ms. Grande.",9
8236,"Food insecurity and malnutrition are now endemic in Mali. Of the 4.3 million people who need food aid (more than one in four Malians), some 885,000 will be in a crisis phase and about 48,000 in an emergency phase. An additional 3.4 million people could be in a crisis phase if assistance does not reach them on time. Despite this scenario, to date Mali’s 2018 Response Plan is only 24 per cent funded. But if more funding does not reach humanitarian partners, they will be unable to scale up response activities. The nutrition crisis is hitting the most vulnerable people hard, especially children. The Ministry of Health and the Nutrition Cluster have revised upwards the number of children at risk of acute malnutrition. Overall, the number of people affected by severe acute malnutrition increased from 163,000 in early January to 274,000 during May, while cases of moderate acute malnutrition have risen from 470,000 to 582,000. In the Timbuktu region alone, this year 33,500 children under 5 years old are suffering from acute malnutrition - 8,000 of whom in its most severe form. “The conflict that has hit this country since 2012 has dramatically worsened child malnutrition levels in the Timbuktu and Gao regions, in northern Mali,” said Ute Kollies, Head of the OCHA office in Mali.",8
6857,WFP is aware of new photographs circulating on social media of WFP-branded high energy biscuits and WFP-marked food bags which were allegedly found at various sites in Maungdaw Township.  WFP takes any allegations of food diversions very seriously and considers any manipulation of food assistance destined for needy families as theft. WFP is currently unable to access its usual operational sites and warehouses with food stocks in the northern part of Rakhine State and has not been able to distribute food and cash assistance in the area since mid-July.,3
2717,"Conflict, displacement, and economic decline are placing severe pressure on essential basic services and the institutions that provide them, pushing them towards total collapse. Humanitarian programmes in Yemen are predicated on an assumption of at least minimal functionality of state services in key sectors like health, water, education and social protection. However, growing evidence points to imminent institutional collapse across large swathes of the country. The Ministry of Planning and International Cooperation (MOPIC) in Sana’a reports that Central Bank foreign exchange reserves dropped from $4.7 billion in late 2014 to less than $1 billion in September 2016. The public budget deficit has nearly doubled in the last year, to about $1.8 billion. Salaries for health facility staff, teachers and other public sector workers go increasingly unpaid, leaving 1.25 million state employees and their 6.9 million dependents – or nearly 30 per cent of the population – without an income at a time of shortages and rising prices. Despite Government commitments to the contrary, relocation of the Central Bank to Aden had not resolved salary arrears as of late October. State-provided social services are rapidly collapsing while needs are surging. In August, the Ministry of Public Health and Population (MOPHP) in Sana’a announced it could no longer cover operational costs for health services. As of October 2016, only 45 per cent of health facilities were functional; this rate falls below 25 per cent  in five governorates, including Marib, Al Jawf and Al Dhale’e. Absenteeism among key staff – doctors, nutrition counsellors, teachers – is reportedly rising as employees seek alternatives to provide for their families. On top of pressure to compensate for a faltering commercial sector, humanitarian partners are fielding calls to fill gaps created by collapsing public institutions, which is beyond both their capacity and remit. It is essential for all stakeholders to stem this collapse, including through selective re-engagement of development programmes, which have been largely frozen since early 2015. ",5
6166,"Gendered roles also impact on access to nutrition and, due to low numbers of female health staff, there are barriers to females accessing basic services due to cultural issues around visiting male service providers. Many of the new arrivals are children, who face risks to their safety and dignity, including exposure to violence and inadequate access to food and water. Those risks are even higher for unaccompanied children. ",9
1487,"In Dominica, 27 deaths and another 27 confirmed missing people are reported so far. 100% of the population is impacted, of which 56 000 people are in urgent need of food, water and shelter. 100% of agriculture is destroyed. It is estimated that 20 000 children under 18 in Dominica are affected by MARIA. All 53 health facilities are affected. Road access is improving and more resources are being oriented to support the distribution of relief on the island.",4
5251,"Above-average harvest gathered in 2016 due to adequate rainfall and continued Government support: Harvesting of maize, millet and sorghum was completed in November, while harvesting of rice concluded in April 2017. Rainfall was generally adequate, allowing satisfactory development of crops throughout the growing season. Moreover, the Government continued to support farming activities by distributing seeds and providing farm equipment. Despite some localized crop losses due to flooding and attacks of maize crops by caterpillars,official estimates put the 2016 cereal production at about 4.5 million tonnes, 9 percent above the previous year’s level and 3 percent above the five-year average. Production of sorghum, the most important staple, increased by 17 percent from 2015, while millet production increased by 5 percent. Pastures have regenerated countrywide, improving livestock conditions.",3
4340,"In Jammu, there are currently close to 6000 Rohingyas, with most living in squatters and temporary shelters in deplorable conditions. They are forced to take up difficult, dangerous and poorly paid jobs simply to make ends meet.",1
9180,"More than 36,000 people in the coastal Can Gio district of Ho Chi Min city were evacuated as thousands of houses were damaged and more 600 destroyed. Hundreds of trees and electricity poles were felled, taking the power supply out. Maybe more significant was the destruction of 40,000 hectares of crops.",0
5886,"Three refugee camps have been closed in Myanmar's western Rakhine state as recommended by an advisory commission, government said yesterday. The commission led by former United Nations secretary general Kofi Annan recommended Myanmar government in April to develop a comprehensive strategy towards closing all IDP (internally-displaced persons) camps in Rakhine State, and immediate closure of three camps as a first step.",10
9255,"livestock, food access, and nutrition levels low in border areas with Kenya and Ethiopia.85% of livestock from cross-border areas are on the move. Insecurity is increasing as tensions rise over access to natural resources.",3
2477,"Furthermore, the passing of Cyclone Enawo in early March, which traversed the length of the country, is reported to have caused widespread flooding of cropped land particularly in the northeast and east regions of Atsinanana, Analanjirofo and Sava. Although, the heavy rains reduced moisture deficits, crop damage is likely to further negatively weigh on this year’s rice output. An assessment to ascertain the agricultural damage and impact on food security has recently been finalized, and will inform on livelihood and agricultural needs.",0
1512,"From March to May 2017: 22,209 people in IPC Phase 3. 228 052 people in IPC Phase 2. ",5
9150,"The trend of the cholera outbreak continues to significantly decrease in Kinshasa, the capital city, and nationwide. The outbreak in Kinshasa started on 25 November 2017 and was exacerbated by heavy rainfall and flooding during the first week of 2018. As of 9 February 2018, 997 cases including 41 deaths (case fatality rate 4.1%) have been reported from 31 of 35 health zones in Kinshasa province. The majority (77.4%) of the cases were reported from Binza-Météo (429 cases), Kintambo (174 cases) and Limete (162 cases) health zones. The case fatality rate in those three health zones is greater than 3%; the last death recorded occurred in the community on 7 February 2018. The weekly incidence of cholera in Kinshasa has been decreasing since week 3 of 2018. Since the beginning of the outbreak, 135 stool samples were analyzed, of which 74 tested positive for Vibrio cholerae.",4
9007,"AWD: The outbreak is ongoing in Afar, Oromia, Somali, SNNP and Tigray regions. So far in 2017, 3,043 cases were reported from Afar (291), Oromia (594), SNNP (145) and Somali (1,985), and Tigray (28) regions. Eight (8) deaths were reported from Afar and Oromia regions. Without access to safe water and sanitation, especially among the 480,000 IDPs in Somali region, there is a high risk for a rapid spread of the outbreak (already in 40 out of 99 woredas in Somali region alone). ? Meningococcal meningitis: 5 cases were reported in Amhara and 29 cases in Oromia regions. ? Scabies: Scabies outbreaks continue to be reported in Amhara, SNNP and Oromia regions. There are 464,532 reported scabies cases in the country since 2016. ? Malnutrition: In week 4 of 2017, 1,305 new SAM cases were reported from Oromia region, the majority from East Hararge, West Hararge and West Arsi zones. Of these cases, 1,170 were OTP and 135 were admitted in stabilization centers in the region. ? Rota Virus: Since December 2016, 1,550 suspected cases of rotavirus were reported in Danno and Nonno woredas in West Shoa zone of Oromia region, 57 per cent male and 56 per cent of the cases were children aged between 1 and 5 years of age. ",4
2901,"Despite an increase in cereal production owing to beneficial weather in mid-2017, neighbouring conflicts continue to cause widespread disruption to agricultural activities, particularly in the Far North and eastern regions. Vulnerable households are facing a depletion of their productive assets, agricultural input shortages and an overall erosion of their resilience capacities. Acute food-insecure communities in the Adamaoua, East, North and Far North regions are resorting to negative coping mechanisms.",3
4390,Crisis (IPC Phase 3) could be observed in the Diffa region on Niger and in the Lake Chad region where the security crisis continue to disrupt main livelihoods and the normal functioning of markets which are experiencing significant increases in food prices. ,5
8839,"Here, unlike in Sanaa, state employees, teachers, street cleaners and medical workers are, for the most part, being paid. ",5
2181,"Actions undertaken by primary protection actors In the majority of locations visited by the Oxfam team, Mahjis and religious leaders encourage women to stay in shelters to reduce risk of any threats.",9
634,"In the current Lassa Fever outbreak, seventeen (17) States (Ogun, Bauchi, Plateau, Ebonyi, Ondo, Edo, Taraba, Nasarawa, Rivers, Kaduna, Gombe, Cross-River, Borno, Kano, Kogi, Enugu and Anambra) have reported at least one confirmed case –",4
6024,"Food insecurity remains a challenge as the humanitarian situation deteriorates, with 637,000 people in Libya in need of food assistance and essential agricultural livelihoods assistance. The August 2017 FAO Agriculture and Livelihoods Assessment shows that farming, livestock and fisheries have suffered with production declining due to insecurity, high costs, and limited access to or lack of agricultural inputs (seed, livestock vaccines & drugs, fertilizers, farm tools, animal feed, machinery rents, and fuel for irrigation pumps).",5
1702,"nidentified assailants killed shopkeepers Jaffar and Muhammad Ali on Saturday in Quetta, Pakistan, apparently because they belonged to the Hazara community. This was the fourth attack this April on the Hazara, a Shia Muslim minority. Past perpetrators have been members of armed militant groups that have waged a bloody onslaught against the Hazara for more than a decade, while Pakistan’s government has failed both to protect the community or hold those responsible to account.",9
8551,"Food violations are usually conversely related to discrimination. Cases of discrimination escalated to 42 this month as Zanu PF supporters prepared for the youth rally in Marondera in June and used food to lure people to the rally. The impending Chiwundura by-election, set for 15 July, is another reason for the increased cases of discrimination.Only 15 cases of discrimination were recorded in April 2017, 16 cases in May 2016 and 15 cases in May 2015. It is reported that in Zvimba and Zaka Central, beneficiaries of food aid are told to first pay for transportation of the food. When called for comment, an international humanitarian organisation that was rolling out a food aid programme said they were looking into cases of village heads that are alleged to have ordered beneficiaries to pay and mobile cash agents that charge an extra fee when transacting for beneficiaries.",9
10227,The WFP says more than 10 million North Koreans – 40 percent of the country – are likely undernourished. ,3
6902,"• 214,000 students affected as schools close due to insecurity • 65 people killed already in 2018 by improvised explosives• Mass grave uncovered following military violations",9
6633,"Settler violence and poor law enforcement by the Israeli authorities have been longstanding concerns. They have undermined the physical security and agricultural livelihoods of tens of thousands of Palestinians in some areas of the West Bank and generated the need for assistance and protection by humanitarian actors, especially for vulnerable groups such as children and women. Humanitarian interventions coordinated by the Protection Cluster include the deployment of a protective presence in high-risk areas; psychosocial support to victims; the installation of protective infrastructure (see case study); the documentation of cases and advocacy; and legal counselling.After a three-year decline, settler violence has been on the rise during the first half of 2017. During this period, OCHA documented 89 incidents attributed to Israeli settlers resulting in Palestinian casualties (33 incidents) or in damage to Palestinian property (56 incidents).2 On a monthly average, this represents an increase of 88 per cent compared with 2016. These incidents led to three Palestinian fatalities3 and 48 Palestinian injuries, including seven children, as well as damage to over 2,700 trees and 52 vehicles, amongst other consequences.These figures exclude incidents involving threat and intimidation, trespass on private property or access restrictions imposed by Israeli settlers which did not result in casualties or damage. Although such incidents are more frequent, they are difficult to monitor systematically.This trend has also been noted by the Israeli Security Agency (ISA or Shabak), which, according to Israeli media reports, has been calling on the government to adopt urgent measures to prevent further deterioration",9
3027,"On 18 August, South Kivu provincial authorities officially declared a cholera epidemic in the eastern province that has become, for years, endemic to the water-borne disease. Since the beginning of 2017, close to 2,400 cases have been reported in the province. Health actors are responding to the epidemic but the main challenge remains in the preventive activities. South Kivu’s official declaration came a few days after its northern sister, North Kivu, was also declared in epidemic. In Tanganyika, the situation of cholera could worsen in the coming weeks mostly due to unoperational chlorination points in a number of areas, the dysfunctioning of the nationaly water supply company and the ongoing population movement. The lack of actors and means to strengthen case prevention is another obstacle to an efficient response. In the western province of Kwilu, 16 of some 100 people who have contracted the disease died of the water-borne disease between 14-18 August. Kwilu’s Governor deplored that the province does not have a hospital complex specialized in the treatment of cholera. In DRC, especially in rural areas, one in every two households does not have access to drinking water. Between January and mid-August 2017, over 19,000 cases of cholera including 490 deaths have been recorded, against 16,700 cases and 457 deaths in 2016, repesenting a 15-percent increase during this period. Cholera has become a major public health issue in the country.",4
8681,"A total of 744 incidents were reported in the third quarter of 2016, affecting 3,284 children. The situation in the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, remained tense and involved multiple clashes between Israeli security forces (ISF) and Palestinians. The number of incidents involving children in which Israeli forces were reported to have used live ammunition increased more than twofold, rising from 15 incidents documented in the second quarter of 2016 to 34 incidents documented in the third quarter. The number of children killed also increased from four in the second quarter (three Palestinian boys and one Israeli girl) to six in the third quarter (all were Palestinian boys). Another 190 children were injured, including 12 Palestinian girls and 175 Palestinian boys and one (1) Israeli girl and two (2) Israeli boys. The levels of violence nevertheless remained significantly lower than they had been in the last quarter of 2015 and in the first quarter of 2016. Available data suggests that the number of children held in detention remained high and included cases of administrative detention.",9
5487,"Earlier this year, the coalition turned away four new cranes, supplied by the World Food Programme, which would have vastly improved the port’s ability to unload essential supplies.",6
5582,"Gendered roles also impact on access to nutrition and, due to low numbers of female health staff, there are barriers to females accessing basic services due to cultural issues around visiting male service providers. Many of the new arrivals are children, who face risks to their safety and dignity, including exposure to violence and inadequate access to food and water. Those risks are even higher for unaccompanied children. ",8
262,"The deliveries are set to continue “daily for the next 20 days, until everyone in the camp has received supplies,” Maan al-Awwad, a Free Tribes Army spokesman, told Syria Direct on Monday. The Free Tribes Army is a local Free Syrian Army (FSA) affiliate that operates inside Rukban and communicates with the Jordanian army.",4
9589,"A tribal administrator said that the injured people were taken to Peshawar, the capital of northwestern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, with most clinics in rural and tribal areas being ill-equipped to deal with emergencies of this kind.",4
7032,"The current form of the virus mutated from strains in the oral polio vaccine, the initiative said, as opposed to the 'wild' polio which caused the last outbreak and led to the vaccination of millions of children in the Middle East. ",4
11244,"As of 29 December, 2,806 cases suspected of Diphtheria were reported",4
859,"One in five families in the Sahel continues to be extremely vulnerable and 4.9 million people have fled from their homes. In 2017, more than 30 million people will face food insecurity, of which 12 million will urgently need aid. Malnutrition continues to reach critical levels in the region, particularly in Chad and north-east Nigeria, where the prevalence of global acute malnutrition is as high as 30 per cent, which is double the emergency threshold.  ",7
6076,"Approximately 4.25 million internally displaced Syrians are living in overcrowded and unsanitary conditions, and the provision of safe drinking water has been disrupted, as well.",11
4703,"Limited rainfall since March has led to developing moisture deficits across parts of Liberia, Cote d’Ivoire, and southern Guinea.",3
10157,"2.3M in critical need  Nutrition1,750,820 million people  Health1,170,848 million people Food security1,421,690 million people Water, Hygiene and Sanitation (WASH)1,378,975 million people. ",1
2128,The affected zone is located in a very remote and hard to reach and highly insecure area (classified as red zone due to local banditry). ,4
50,"Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte threatened airstrikes on schools for indigenous children on the southern island of Mindanao that he alleged are teaching “subversion [and] communism.” “I will bomb those schools,” Duterte said on Monday. “I will use the Armed Forces, the Philippine Air Force…because you’re operating illegally and you’re teaching the children to rebel against government.”",2
3220,"The Gaza City municipality decided today to reduce solid waste collection services in order to save fuel and ensure operations for a longer period (approximately ten days). The 13 public hospitals in Gaza have sufficient fuel reserves to continue operations for seven days. However, NGO-supported health facilities have fuel for only three days, while water and sanitation facilities only have five days left of fuel. ",4
4360,"In 2015, 80 attacks have been registered in different localities of the Diffa region. As of November 2015, the regional authorities in Diffa estimated displaced people at more than 225,000 people including refugees, returnees and internally displaced people.  In 2016, 76 attacks have been registered.",9
8526,"The presence of explosive hazards within destroyed or damaged buildings impedes the clearance of destroyed buildings, reconstruction and socio-economic development. With reconstruction and rehabilitation projects ongoing, it was imperative that both buried and surface-lying aerial bombs were cleared to avoid accidental detonation of unexploded ordnance. UNMAS has cleared 136 hazardous sites suspected of harboring deep buried air-dropped munitions to allow reconstruction to proceed safely and without delay.While clearance of the last known accessible aerial bombs is an important achievement, as in any post-conflict environment, unexploded ordnance will continue to be unearthed and discovered many decades after the conflict has ended. This residual threat fromundiscovered contamination and the possibility of renewed escalation of hostilities necessitate a continued, albeit scaled-down, UNMAS capacity. For this reason, UNMAS will maintain a minimal presence to continue to support the humanitarian and development community, including emergency preparedness",9
1737,"The asylum seekers are staying in two makeshift camps in the Somare and Sololo areas of Moyale. They are in urgent need of food, water, sanitation facilities, shelter, and some have medical needs. Tadese says her and her children have not eaten well for days. She’s worried that her children will become ill if they do not get help. ",11
3769,"Less than half of all children are fully immunized and 1.7 million people are without access to safe water, 800,000 of which are children.",11
8262,"On 23 Jan a landslide resulted in 23 people affected, water affected, animals affected, irrigating canals affected",5
355," He explained that a number of the villages affected by the dam were not included in the decision, such as Kuna Zuberma inhabited by about 650 families and parts of Wad Alhalio and Safawa.  He explained that the administration of the dams has ignored the housing compensation for young people who are married and pointed to the social effects of the negative consequences.",0
7325,"The health facility in Wonduruba is no longer functional after it was looted during thefighting and medical personnel fled the area. The team observed health records and other health materials damaged and scattered on the floor, and medicines, inpatient beds, and essential equipment looted. No immunization coverage has been conducted for children in Wonduruba since insecurity increased in September 2015. Many huts were observed to have been burnt.",4
7327,"The same applies to migrants outside of the system, who have already lost their trust in the possibility of receiving their papers and therefore decide to take their own path to Europe. This population has specific needs, especially those at border towns such as Ventimiglia or Como. However, when in transit, migrants have a tendency to think that seeking help for a medical or protection concern might slow them down or enter them into the “system,” in ways that might impede their chances of reaching their desired destination. In addition, many people are reluctant to engage at all because they are determined to cross the border, despite numerous pushbacks from the French or Swiss authorities, and the fact that borders are, effectively, closed",9
241,Warplanes re-bomb Khan Shaykhun and the death toll of Black Tuesday massacre rise to 72 more than half of them are women and children ,4
10443,"Maize prices increased sharply in April, achieving record high levels. Supply shortages have been caused by a poor 2016 short-rains harvest and an anticipated poor long-rains harvest in 2017 due to low rainfall and fall armyworm. ",3
10867,"If the political situation gets complicated it is possible that the influx of people increases, but this forecast already allows us to help these people for 4 weeks, then the plan can be revised, however it is not necessary to wait for the plan to provide food aid To these people",1
4641,"Difficulty in reaching nomadic pastoralists who are dispersed, highly mobile and at high risk of contracting AWD due to the lack of access to safe water and sanitation.",4
3066,One suspected cholera case was reported at week 10 in the Agneby region. ,4
128,"A canal from the Euphrates River flows south of the camp, but because the area is mined, people are unable to access the stream. Local Kurdish officials are conducting water trucking activities with two tanks on a daily basis, but although the water is distributed for free, it is considered unsafe, as water brought from the canal had originally been designated for irrigation. There are no latrines or bathing facilities available in the camp, which could lead to a deterioration of the health and hygiene situation in the make- shift camp and make women vulnerable to assault.  ",11
447,"Food security improved notably by early 2018, and due to current outcomes, expected access to agricultural labor, Gu harvests, and some livestock sales, the risk of Famine (IPC Phase 5) has declined. However, improvements have been driven to a large degree by continued, large-scale humanitarian assistance. In the absence of assistance food security would deteriorate significantly. An estimated 2,728,000 people would be in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) or Emergency (IPC Phase 4) through the peak of the agropastoral lean season in June, in the absence of assistance. Of these, an estimated 590,000 are in urban areas and 503,000 are internally displaced persons (IDPs). In July, food security is expected to improve with the arrival of the Gu harvest, and some livestock births that will allow for increased livestock sales and consumption of goat milk. Terms of trade will remain better than last year, and near normal in many areas, though households will still have limited income compared to average and face difficulty purchasing sufficient food to meet their basic needs. In the absence of assistance, between 2.1 and 2.2 million people will still be in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) or worse between June to September 2018.",3
6719,"The newly added locations of Algatroun, Murzuq and Ubari in the south were found to have the highest food prices overall. Prices in those locations exceeded levels in Derna, which had previously been the most expensive location before the coverage expansion as a result of the city’s military encirclement. The relatively high prices in the south are likely driven by the remoteness of the area and challenging transportation routes. Further research needs to be conducted to determine why Murzuq and Algatroun, a city with significant smuggling activity, are found to have such high prices, even relative to other locations in the Fezzan",5
10470,"At least 578 schools (437 in Somali and 141 in Oromia regions) have closed since November 2016, affecting 227,841 children (132,000 boys; 96,000 girls) - 183,000 children in Somali and 44,751 children in Oromia. ",2
9755,"Diarrhea outbreak kills 2, infects hundred others in Sool region An outbreak of Diarrhea disease is reported in some locations situated at the Southern part of Sool region in Somaliland where many people have fallen victim to the disease.",4
1674,"Tobagar said a number of organizations were also offering healthcare services in Helmand but they were too insufficient.  “These organizations offer high-quality medicines which are very effective, but people still need more services,” he added",4
9245,"Only recently, Dr Khan, sharing official data with Dawn, had put children’s reported death toll in the district up to April 16 this year at 99.  “A total of 31,744 ailing children were brought to six health facilities of the district and 145 of them were referred to various hospitals in Karachi and Hyderabad during the period,” he said.",8
10636,The unemployment rate among women rose to 47.4 per cent in 2017 from 44.8 per cent the prior year – the highest in the world – which has also pushed the overall Palestinian unemployment rate to become the world’s highest. The corresponding unemployment rate among men changed little and stood at 22.3 per cent in 2017.,9
5709,"Somalia: According to the UNHCR-led Protection and Return Monitoring Network, an estimated 738,600 people have been displaced by drought between November 2016 and May 2017. Of these, nearly 46,000 were displaced in May, a signi?cant decrease in new drought-related displacements compared to previous months. The majority of the newly displaced are from Sanaag (12,570), Lower Shabelle (7,200), Bakool (6,680), Bay (6,250), Sool (3,860) and Nugal (3,100). Baidoa (160,700) and Mogadishu (160,460) host 42% of these displaced people. Reports indicate that people are opting to remain in their areas of origin to cultivate their farms and that the rains have made some roads impass- able. In Ethiopia, there are 843,367 internally displaced people, more than half of them in the Somali region. In 2017, 220,000 people have been displaced by drought. Gambella town experienced ?ash ?oods due to heavy rains in mid-May and 2,395 people were displaced. Kenya: 39,000 people remain displaced due to con?ict over resources, insecurity and drought.",0
10921,"Most of the people who have been displaced in the region are now living with foster families and relatives in communities that are already among the poorest in the country and whose situation has become even more critical with the worsening economic situation in the DRC. In many cases, the displaced people have lost or left behind all their essential goods and personal belongings.",9
5913,"Muhudin Daud Isack, who works for ISHA, a local human rights organisation, said the majority of the assailants were soldiers, using the threat of their weapons and the power of their uniforms against the displaced women.",9
4554,"This week between 4,300 and 10,000 people transited through Hammam Al-Alil daily from west Mosul.Families reported that the continuous fighting, shelling, airstrikes, targeting of civilians attempting to flee, and the lack of food, water, and basic services are the main reasons of forced displacement",7
10872,"food assistance delivery by both WFP and the Somali Regional Government has been interrupted since mid-May, and if it does not resume by the end of July, some of the worst-affected households are expected to move into Catastrophe (IPC Phase 5) and levels of acute malnutrition and mortality may rise further",4
7927,"Displaced people, the elderly, people with disabilities and other vulnerable groups or individuals – particularly those in isolated communities – face particular difficulties in accessing healthcare and other essential services, as a result of limitations on the availability of adequate services as well as movement restrictions and insecurity.",1
8801,"the total newly displaced people , an estimated 30,000 people moved to Hama c ity and Masyaf in Hama and Wadi Nasra in Homs. An estimated 9,000 people moved to Mashta Elhiu, rural areas of Banyas, and Tartous c ity in Tartous. Also, around 425 people (85 families) have been displaced to Lattakia. Shelter and food are the main needs.",3
1663,"In Turkey, over 64 per cent2 of refugee households living outside of camps live below the poverty line",5
4476,"Severe flooding ravaging 12 southern provinces is expected to trim 1.2 percentage points off the region's economic growth of 3.2% forecast earlier, according to the University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce (UTCC).",5
5149,"Schools in Dadaab refugee camps in northern Kenya are unable to cope with the large number of Somali students who qualified after passing last years national exams, the Kenya Certificate of Primary Education (KCPE), to move up to secondary from primary school.",2
2260,"More than 4 million children under the age of five are at risk of acute malnutrition. Some 7.7 million people are expected to be impacted by the devastating effects of an acute food emergency,",3
11955,"Since the beginning of 2017, there is a lack of nutritional products in several nutritional centers in Malemba-Nkulu, according to a recent mission. An average of some 520 children under 5 years old suffering from severe acute malnutrition are admitted in the ambulatory therapeutic nutrition unit of Malemba since January.",8
1070,"There are conflicting reports as to the number of people that remain within the city of Al Mokha, with some estimations putting the figure at up to 20,000 people. Fighting is affecting essential services including medical, fuel delivery and water supply.",7
3305,"Up to 114,000 individuals could be displaced from Hawiga, according to inter-agency planning estimates. So far, 82,128 people have fled since August 2016.",10
8753,"In the worst impacted areas only 26% of households felt that their crops would succeed, compared to 55% in the Less Impacted Areas. In these locations many said that they would resort to other sources of income by selling their animals (pigs, chicken, buffalos, cows) produce (fruit, tobacco, coffee, vegetables) and traditional crafts (Tais and weaving from palm leaves). Some women said that they would be looking after the children and their farm or vegetable garden while their husbands went to Dili to sell their crops or animals. Some men reported that there are not enough opportunities for selling their animals or seeking jobs, other than construction work.",0
5546,"Malagasy authorities must act swiftly to reverse the country’s human rights downward spiral including by urgently investigating allegations that the security forces have burned down villages and committed extrajudicial executions, said Amnesty International today ahead of the UN Human Rights Committee’s review of the country.  “Madagascar’s human rights record is on a sharp decline as a result of the blatant disregard for the rule of law,” said Deprose Muchena, Amnesty International’s Regional Director for Southern Africa.  “Violations such as extrajudicial executions by police and the imprisonment of human rights defenders, are happening because no one is being brought to justice.”  Extrajudicial executions  Amnesty International is concerned about allegations of extrajudicial executions committed by law enforcement officials. Many of them have occurred in the context of banditry linked to cattle thieves in the southern part of the country.  The organization has also documented reports of law enforcement officials seeking revenge after incidents of mob justice. In February 2017, police officers allegedly burnt down five villages in Antsakabary town after two of their colleagues were allegedly killed by villagers. An elderly woman died from burns during the attack, as she was unable to escape.  Police are now investigating the fire attack, despite being implicated in it. Amnesty International is calling for an independent and impartial investigation which guarantees the safety of the victims from any reprisal attacks should they submit evidence.   Freedom of expression  Journalists and human rights defenders continue to be subjected to intimidation and harassment by the authorities, and others with vested interests, in an attempt to silence them and obstruct their investigative or human rights work.  Those who dare to speak out against illegal trafficking and exploitation of natural resources have been increasingly targeted through the use of criminal charges.  Clovis Razafimalala, an environmental activist who denounced the illegal trafficking and exploitation of rosewood and other timber has been detained for more than nine months on trumped-up charges of rebellion, destruction of public documents and goods and arson. Amnesty International considers him to be a prisoner of conscience, and calls for his immediate and unconditional release.  Discrimination against twins  Twins, and other multiple births, continue to face discrimination and are being abandoned by their parents due to popular beliefs in the region of Mananjary that they bring bad luck. Those who choose to keep their twins are stigmatized and excluded from the rest of the community.  In one village in the Mananjary region, chiefs have taken a position not to offer their “blessing” to parents who decide to keep their twins  “This UN Human Rights Committee review offers Malagasy authorities the perfect opportunity to take stock of all the human rights issues facing the country and make serious efforts to rectify the problems,” said Deprose Muchena.  “All is not lost, and there is still an opportunity to reverse the downward spiral and bring the country back to acceptable human rights standards.”  Other issues that Amnesty International has raised in its submission to the UN Human Rights Committee include the criminalization of abortion and the excessive use of pre-trial detention.",9
5829,"The Israeli military authorities are blocking access to and from the Gaza Strip for human rights workers who document abuses and advocate to end them, Human Rights Watch said in a report released today. The travel restrictions call into question the Israeli military authorities’ claim to rely on human rights organizations as an important source of information for their criminal investigations into potential serious crimes committed during the 2014 Gaza war. ",9
6768,"The Swiss Federal Administrative Court assessed the situation of Eritreans returning to their home country slightly differently. In early 2017, the Court decided that Switzerland will no longer grant refugee status to Eritreans who left their home country illegally barring any additional factors.",9
4270,"The Nutrition Sector’s detailed situation analysis in early 2017 followed the poor short rains season and was based on nutrition surveys between October 2016 and February 2017. Five counties (Baringo, Isiolo, Marsabit, Mandera and Turkana) had sub-counties with “very critical” (global acute malnutrition [GAM] ? 30 percent) or “critical” nutrition (GAM 15.0-29.9 percent). Further surveillance information - based on mass screenings and routine data collection - showed that malnutrition continued to deteriorate as drought conditions persisted. ",8
1062,"Ethiopia: AWD continues to be reported in Amhara, Oromia and Somali regions but with a decreasing incidence rate.",4
3310,"35% of all Syrians have no access to safe drinking water, putting them at risk of waterborne diseases like diarrheal diseases and typhoid fever",11
11334,"In many countries – including Kenya, Tanzania, Malawi, Mozambique, Zimbabwe and Zambia – large numbers of migrants are being held in prisons and long-stay detention centres. Typically, migrants say they have been detained several times by police or military personnel. In interviews conducted by RMMS in early 2015, 68 percent of migrants said they or someone in their group had been detained or imprisoned by police on their journey south from the Horn.",9
5087,"Five people died of cholera at New Halfa hospital in Kassala state in five days, while the hospitalised cases in the isolation centres of the hospital numbered 100 on Thursday.  An activist told Radio Dabanga that the cases were concentrated in villages of New Halfa and Atbara River localities as well as the districts of Halfa city.  He explained that all cases are being treated at New Halfa hospital because of the lack of sanitation facilities in the villages of the two localities.  He expressed concern about overcrowding of the isolation centres which were opened to receive cases of cholera in both localities last week.",11
1620,"According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), as of February 9, Rwanda hosted 84,873 refugees, the majority from Burundi. The severity of acute food insecurity of refugees, situated in southern Rwanda and Kigali, is classified as Crisis (IPC Phase 3). An expanded humanitarian assistance provision is required to bridge current funding gaps of over 50 percent. While the rate of arrivals has declined significantly over the past couple of months, camp capacities have exceeded basic amenities.",3
6695,"Nairobi County has been put on high alert following five confirmed cholera cases, ",4
8358,The assessment  found  that 24 percent of all IDP households are  food insecure and  they  are  not able  to  meet  their essential  food  needs  without  engaging in atypical  coping  strategies.  The  food  insecure  households  have a poor  or  borderline  food  consumption and use a high share of their budget to cover food needs.,3
4742,Prevailing hotter-than-normal land surface temperatures (plus two to three degrees Celsius above normal) have accelerated forage and water depletion across most of the pastoral and marginal agricultural areas. This is expected to continue and will exacerbate conditions with the forecast for below-average March to May long rains in both bimodal and unimodal areas.  ,5
3969,"As of June 2017, displacement, restricted population movements and trade flows, very high staple food prices, and reduced access to typical livelihood activities remain the main drivers of acute food insecurity in SPLM-N-controlled areas of South Kordofan, while humanitarian actors’ access to these areas remains restricted. No direct fighting has been reported between the SPLM-N and SAF in South Kordofan State since the declaration of the unilateral six-month ceasefire in January 2017. Nevertheless, population movement remains constrained and a large number of people remain displaced. In recent months, disputes have started to arise between two competing factions within the SPLM-N, which could result in additional displacement and disruption of livelihoods activities. ",3
4178,The UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) has reported that more than 170 schools and 70 health facilities have been destroyed.,2
108,"Life is shifting fast for coastal communities in West Africa. In some areas, coastlines are eroding as much as 10 meters per year. Stronger storms and rising seas are wiping out homes, roads and buildings that have served as landmarks for generations.",10
7451,"The relative improvement of the security situation in the Kasai region, especially in the east, has led to decrease in security alerts, the progressive arrival of humanitarian assistance and increase in population return.IOM has completed the first phase of the Displacement Tracking Matrix (DTM) project in Kasai Central, and the survey estimates that 197,519 persons are still displaced, while 490,969 people were reported to have returned to their place of origin. The condition of the returnee population is however difficult, as returnee find their homes/houses burnt/destroyed, their assets depleted, and their community resilience eroded. The lack of access to food, safe water and psychological support aggravate the posttraumatic stress they were already exposed to due to the violence.The Food Security Cluster estimates that 3.2 million people are food insecure. The last monthly nutritional report (August 2017), declared nutritional alerts in 19 Health Zones (HZ).",4
5423,". Most of the housing infrastructure located on its trajectory and near its eye did not withstand the strength of the impact and had their roofs, structures and walls blown away. In the worst hit areas, 90 per cent of homes are estimated to be destroyed. While housing structures in urban and peri-urban areas seemed to have experienced moderate to serious damages due to their concrete/block structures, preliminary findings seem to indicate that homes in rural and mountainous areas were totally destroyed due to their structures built more traditionally in timber, thatch and mud. More than 30,180 homes were reported to be fully destroyed while 60,000 are estimated to be damaged.4 Of the total number of 370,000 housing units impacted by the hurricane, 84,000 are in urban areas whereas 286,000 are in rural areas. They demand immediate shelter assistance. Approximately 525,000 need shelter and non-food-item (NFI) assistance5 .",7
7176," Access to safe water may be limited for up to 650,000 people affected by multiple shocks in 2018.",11
4866,Increasing number of cases involving killing of journalists has turned Afghanistan into one of the most dangerous  countries for journalists. ,9
1920,"In camps east of Mosul, an increasing number of families who had been cleared to return have decided to postpone their departures. UNHCR continues to observe families who had left, returning to camps within a few days. Families interviewed by UNHCR report that they do not intend to return to their places of origin before Mosul is fully back under government control. They mention insecurity, lack of jobs, and lack of access to affordable food, kerosene, or basic services such as potable water, medicine, and electricity as reasons which triggered their decision to remain in camps.  ",1
4460,"A major cholera outbreak continues in Yemen, with approximately 443,000 suspected cases identified and 1,921 deaths reported between April 27 and the end of July 2017. Appropriate response is needed to address the outbreak and mitigate the risk of increased mortality, particularly among populations facing both food consumption gaps and cholera.",4
1148,"Shelter and WASH needs are the urgent priority to prevent outbreak. Households assets including household items and food stocks were also soaked and damaged in the wake of the storm, resulting in need for immediate food support and non-food items (NFI).Cox’s Bazar",1
5390,"The incident happened in the afternoon at a site where food aid was being distributed to people displaced by drought earlier this year. Baidoa is about 245 km northwest of Mogadishu.  'Two groups of soldiers clashed on the scene where food was being distributed. Five people, mostly women, died in the crossfire and 14 others were wounded. It was an accident and the case is being followed and investigated,' Major Hussein Edin, a police officer told Reuters.  Witnesses said the displaced people were caught up in the crossfire as they lined up for food.",3
7477," Nutritious food support especially for children under five, pregnant and lactating women will remain a high priority.",3
10592,"Between June and September 2017, IDP households’ access to food is expected to be significantly limited due by poor harvests in 2016, continued very low purchasing power due to very high cereal prices and well below-average income-earning opportunities, and reduced access to wild foods during the rainy season in areas of displacement, and below-average community support due to high levels of need within the community. Meanwhile, only a portion of IDP households in need are receiving humanitarian assistance, which they are also sharing with non-targeted households. As a result, most IDP households in Jebel Marra will face large food consumption gaps between June to September 2017. Therefore, more than one quarter of the new IDPs in the area are expected to face Emergency (IPC Phase 4) during the peak of the lean season between June and September.",3
10181,"The number of evacuees suggests, however, that not all detainees are still alive. The same source hinted that there is a high probability that many of the detainees may have faced field execution.",9
7107,"And in a country where 60 percent of citizens are not connected to the electricity grid, urban households already consume one to 3 tonnes of fuel-wood per year, and rural families more than double that, according to research by the University of Zimbabwe.",7
8183,"According to gathered information, ambu lances attemp ting to evacuate those injured as a result of the airstr ikes to Tobruk were denied passage at both Martouba and Kirsa checkpoints. However on 1 November, there was the successful medical evacuation of two patients with severe injuries. It was reported that three more people were evacuated bu t that they died upon arrival. On 5 November, four children and one woman, together with six companions, were evacuated to Tunis for medical treatment. No further evacuations related to the incident are required at present.",4
8081,"Anglican Overseas Aid’s ACT Alliance partners are helping with the work in affected Rohingya communities in Myanmar. They are also providing reliable access to food, psychosocial support, help to support business affected by the displacement; unconditional cash, education, and advocacy programs.",5
4585,"Due to losses of subsistence crops and household food supplies from cyclone-related flooding, food prices in local markets are increasing. Moreover, food availability will continue to be difficult in some remote areas cut off by damaged roads. In mid-March 2017, prices are exceptionally high compared to December 2016 in urban cities such as Antananarivo, Mahajanga, Toamasina and Antsirabe, where prices of imported rice increased by more than 20 percent, while prices of local rice rose by 30 percent. Maize prices also increased by 30 to 55 percent. However, price stability or decline was noticed in the South due to the beginning of off-season crop harvests (pulses and maize).",3
5872,"Female-headed households were less food secure, had worse diets, adopted severe coping strategies more often and had higher poverty levels. Female-headed households were almost twice as likely as male-headed households to live in informal settlements, and were less likely to have legal residency. In addition, the monthly income for working women was only US$ 159, compared to US$ 206 for men, despite being employed for nearly the same number of working days (13 for women and 14 for men).",9
4439,Three people lost their lives and two others have been injured after a series of avalanches struck a village near the northern Iranian city of Damavand in Tehran province on 3 February 2017. A number of cars were also hit by the deadly avalanches on a nearby road late Friday but Red Crescent rescue and relief teams succeeded in retrieving four vehicles from under the snow.,10
2529,"A large segment of the Senegalese population relies on traditional agriculture and livestock-related activities to maintain their livelihoods, and, therefore, remains in a state of chronic vulnerability due to unpredictable seasonal rains and climatic conditions. Moreover, the high import dependency rate for food exposes the population to fluctuations in the global market.",0
1725,"Generally, Minimal (IPC Phase 1) acute food insecurity outcomes are expected across the country from July 2017 to January 2018 as household food supplies increase considerably with the recent harvest. Household dietary diversity has improved as access to a variety of foods has increased. Despite this situation, the 2017/18 annual Vulnerability Assessment and Analysis by the Zambia VAC assessed sixteen chronically food insecure areas and found that nine of the districts are in need of food or cash assistance from August 2017 to March 2018. Additionally, a monitoring system to track food security status has been recommended to be put in place for these areas.",3
3673,"Al Shabaab has announced it released 173 prisoners from secret jails in Lower Shabelle region in southern Somalia over the past 48 hours. They were jailed for making charcoal, which al shabaab has banned.",9
11322,"”The area has been experiencing heavy rain in the past few weeks, and several houses as well as public infrastructure such as schools and roads have been damaged",6
2694,"The Ministry of Health, in collaboration with the nutrition cluster, has revised upwards the number of children at risk of acute malnutrition3 for reasons related, inter-alia, to the deterioration of the food security situation in certain localities. Thus, cases of severe acute malnutrition (SAM) expected at national level for 2018 increased from 163,000 at the beginning of the year to 274,000 and expected cases of moderate acute malnutrition (MAM) from 470,000 to 582,000. At the national level, the 2.6 percent SAM rate remains above the emergency threshold while the global acute malnutrition rate of 10.7 per cent exceeds the alert threshold. In addition to food insecurity, the underlying causes of malnutrition are various and include challenges such as limited access to adequate water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) services, health care, quality nutrition and education. The lack of adequate infrastructure and equipment in WASH combined with inadequate nutrition and hygiene practices contribute to increase malnutrition rates particularly in the northern regions (Timbuktu, Gao, Taoudenit) and the center (Mopti) affected by the security crisis since 2012",3
10507,"From 4 April through 13 May 2018, a total of 39 Ebola virus disease cases have been reported, including 19 deaths (case fatality rate = 49%) and three health care workers. Cases were reported from the Bikoro health zone (n=29; two confirmed, 20 probable and 7 suspected cases), Iboko health zone (n=8; three probable and five suspected cases) and Wangata health zone (n=2; two probable cases). To date, 393 contacts have been identified and are being followed-up. Wangata health zone is adjacent to the provincial port city of Mbandaka (population 1.2 million).",4
5303,"The results of a mobile Vulnerability Assessment Mapping (mVAM) conducted by WFP in late March 2018 indicate that 14 per cent of 1,534 households contacted in affected areas had been displaced in the wake of the 7.5M earthquake that struck the country’s highlands region on 26 February 2018. The mVAM further showed that households in nine of 31 Local Level Governments (LLGs) surveyed experienced high or extreme food shortages, with the destruction of food gardens in these areas removing the main livelihood and food supply source for the majority of people. Recovery efforts should prioritize re-establishment of food gardens to minimize detrimental effects on food security. ",3
480,"Week Ending 15th January 2017- the number of cases increased from 629 cases and 14 deaths to 677 cases and 12 deaths in different regions of Somalia. AWD/Cholera cases were reported from Bay region, Banadir, Middle Shabelle and Lower Shabelle reported during the week.",4
6959,"The death toll from Yemen’s diphtheria outbreak is likely to rise if a Saudi-led naval blockade continues to prevent vital supplies from entering the country, Save the Children is warning.  Aid workers are struggling to cope with the country’s worst diphtheria outbreak since 1989 following a spike in cases in November. 716 suspected cases and 52 deaths have been reported. Young children are bearing the brunt – 90 percent of fatalities are under the age of 15.  'Diphtheria is highly contagious, and there’s so little help right now that families are carrying their children for hundreds of miles to get to us. But they’re arriving too late and infecting people on the way. Yesterday I cried with a mother who lost her child – there was nothing we could do for her daughter by the time she got here.'Most people haven’t been vaccinated, and we don’t have the stockpile of vaccines we need for this type of outbreak. The blockade is making it impossible to bring in specialists, medicine or essential items like ventilators to keep sick children alive. Unless there’s urgent action now, we will not be able to stop the spread of diphtheria.'",4
3851,"Admissions of acutely malnourished cases in the ASAL counties continue to significantly reduce as illustrated below due to the ongoing nurses’ strike, noting reporting rates from health centers have dropped from an average of 92% to a worrying 42% in July (only 42 per cent of centers which should provide service did actually report on ongoing treatment of children)Due to the ongoing nurses’ strike, many centers were already closed: 39 out of 69 dispensaries closed in Samburu, 50 out 72 of closed in West Pokot, 160 out of 203 closed in Baringo, and 140 out of 228 closed in Turkana. Therefore, there is reduced access to health facilities and a shortage of staff to maintain smooth operations in the health centers as well as the CTCs.",4
1423,"The main Food Security related needs include: 1. lifesaving food assistance; 2. sustainable livelihoods support and income generation activities, linking relief & recovery to development in return areas specifically; and 3. Strengthened preparedness and resilience to future disasters across vulnerable parts of the country",5
466,"Under a normal situation immediately after the harvest period, which is typically in October - November local cereal production enters markets and pushes commodity prices downward. The prevailing localized insecurity in surplus production areas and intermittent blockade of key transport corridors, coupled with less than expected production have limited the trade flows to deficit area markets. The combination of allthese factors resulted in price increases in many areas, contradicting the normal seasonal trends. Compared to December 2016, the price of white sorghum in January 2017 declined in Yida (40 percent) and Bentiu (52 percent). On the contrary, white sorghum prices have increased by 19 percent and 32 percent in Aweil and Mingkaman, respectively.",3
10759,'Most of the times we can't rescue people because of the intense air strikes.' ,4
3636,"Almost 30 per cent of the structures targeted in the first quarter of the year were residential, and the rest livelihood-related structures or community infrastructure. Of note, nearly a third of the affected structures during this period have been seized, rather than demolished, up from only 10 per cent during 2017.",10
7202,"Severe drought in Puntland is directly affecting approximately 150,000 people according to an inter-agency assessment conducted in September 2016",3
10970, The acute drought has impacted coconut farms in Tamil Nadu’s Pollachi region. Farmers say that they have received less than 20 per cent of normal rain this year compared to the last.,5
6610,"Four national assessment teams, joined by NGOs and UN agencies, have been deployed to Mozambique Island, Nacala, Monapo and Meconta to support the district authorities with rapid assessments .",1
5908,"Oromo youth groups this week surrounded Amhara homes, beating residents, and looting property in the Siyo District of Qellem Wollega Zone, Oromia State. At least 20 Amharas have been killed in such attacks since October 2017 but residents say the authorities have done nothing to stop them.",9
7302,"In Egypt, the first quarter Food Security Outcome Monitoring data (FSOM) revealed that the acceptable Food Consumption Score is 70 per cent for those assisted and 43 per cent for those excluded. The equivalent figures in last quarter of 2016 were 85 per cent and 56 per cent respectively. This deterioration is most likely attributed to the lower voucher value in first quarter as well as a noticeable increase in food prices, highlighting the importance of sustaining food assistance and full plans.",3
2986,"In Libya 'they believe blacks are slaves. That is what they call us. When they want to beat us, they beat us with pipes,' he said, showing a scar on his left hand.",9
9167,"There has been major loss of crops, livestock, infrastructure, water sources.",0
7368,"Similarly, pastoralists have become increasingly vulnerable. The rains were insufficient to replenish animal feed and water sources. High livestock losses are reported from north (Somaliland and Puntland) to south (Bay, Bakool, Gedo, Middle Juba and Lower Juba). The surviving animals are weak,more susceptible to disease, less productive and less valuable. In turn, pastoralists are increasingly unable to provide for their families. When animals’ body conditions deteriorate, they supply less milk and meat. They are also worth less when sold or traded for other food items – commonly cereals. In a traditional pastoral household, livestock represent a family’s lifetime savings, most valuable productive asset and main source of cash. When lost, the poorest families have little, if anything, to fall back on",5
11202,"Pedestrians and motorists faced difficulties on all roads, particularly Benazir Bhutto Road, Rawal Road, Airport Road, Jhelum Road, Peshawar Road and all other inner city roads. Benazir Bhutto Road was like a pond at some portions",6
9564,"The Lesotho Vulnerability Assessment Committee (LVAC) results in June 2016 showed that 679,437 people in the rural areas of Lesotho are in need of humanitarian assistance between June 2016 and May 2017. The most immediate identified humanitarian needs caused by the El Nino-induced drought are food and water. The LVAC found that about 17 per cent of households were using water from unprotected sources. In Maseru, Mokhotlong and Thaba-Tseka districts, 22-32 per cent of people were reported to be using water from unprotected sources. The vulnerability caused by El Nino compounded existing high rates of poverty, and HIV infection rates which are among the highest in the world.",3
1333,"The DRC conflict is brutal and survivors are severely affected psychologically by the atrocities and loss of family members. Women and children continue to arrive with limbs cut off, machete cuts and severe burns and refugees report the rape and killing of children, wives and husbands in villages and en route to the Angolan border. ",9
8119,"For Syrian children aged 6-17 years, child labour and violence continue to be key challenges; 16 percent of Syrian children from 0-5 years do not have a birth certificate, which will present challenges and expose them to additional risks as they grow up Syrian refugee children and their families living in host communities.",9
11850,"In Bangladesh, where UN agencies are working on the new contingency plan for 700 000 refugees, the World Food Programme logistics cluster announced that it has distributed emergency rice to 450 000 people.  According to press reports, government sources in Bangladesh announced that all unaccompanied children under the age of 18 years will be held in separate camps for which 200 acres of land, 10% of the land allocated so far for the Rohingya refugees, should be separated.",1
9088,"He noted that the health facility lacks medicine to treat the sick people, saying the rains have cut off the county from the state capital Bor.",4
10174,"It is estimated that 670,000 populations are in need of humanitarian WASH assistance in Libya. The most affected groups are: • 132,000 IDPs. • 139,000 returnees. • 295,000 non-displaced population. • 104,000 migrants, refugees and asylum-seekers. • Out of the total population in need of WASH assistance, 275,000 are children with limited access to safe water sanitation and hygiene facilities in schools",11
5047,"Between week 39 and 40, there were 22 confirmed cases reported. Among these, 14 cases (66.7%) were confirmed as DENV-1 infection.",4
3269,"Torrential rains have caused flash flooding and landslides in more than 40 towns and villages in six provinces of Azerbaijane-Gharbi, Azerbaijane-Sharghi, Kordestan, Zanjan, Mazandaran and Ardebil in Iran’s northwest on Saturday, killing at least 42 people according to the National Crisis Management Organization. ",7
5448,"The story in a Trinidadian newspaper, says three Venezuelan MD were pronounced dead after drowning at sea this past weekend. They’d travelled to Trinidad in desperate search of medical supplies no longer available in Venezuela. They died during the return trip. According to Trindad’s Guardian newspaper, it’s not unusual for Venezuelans to dock at Trinidad to look for food and basic medical supplies.",4
779,"The 'fall armyworms' associated with the Americas now poses serious food security in areas hit by the destructive pests. According to the ministry officials (Agriculture), the likely impact of the armyworm on crops and infestations had since been identified in several regions associated with single, or 'uni-modal' rainfall areas such as Songwe, Katavi, Mbeya, Iringa, Njombe, Ruvuma, Lindi, Mtwara, Morogoro and Rukwa regions and in bi-modal (double) rainfall season areas such as Arusha, Manyara, Shinyanga, Kilimanjaro and Tanga.",0
6098,"Planting of the 2018 winter grain crops will start in October. Remote-sensed information indicates favourable conditions for the start of the season. Nevertheless, farmers continue to report that security concerns prevented them from purchasing seeds, particularly for crops, such as vegetables, whose seeds are not normally saved from the previous harvest. Increases in fuel prices also limited farmers’ ability to carry out mechanized operations",7
1520,"n 2017, more than 60,000 AWD/cholera cases and more than 800 cholera related deaths, were reported across 55 districts. ",4
662,1.9M people are in acute and immediate need of life-sustaining shelter assistance,10
6570,An extended and severe drought reduced last year’s main Gu cereal harvest to 50% below average,0
5083,"An estimated 116,000 children are out of school. This number is likely to rise as schools continue being used as shelters. In Catiche, the only building standing is a school that was built in 2013.  ",2
5309,"Homeless people 1,985 Affected health institutions 5 Affected Schools 74 Homesteads damaged 2,579 Fatalities 246 Dams Breached 70",11
9598,"Turning to Syria, our humanitarian colleagues tell us that a United Nations inter-agency team conducted an assessment mission to Raqqa on 1 April. Despite a high level of unexploded ordnance on the ground, an estimated 100,000 people have reportedly returned to Raqqa. The team observed an extremely high level of destruction, with nearly 70 per cent of buildings destroyed or damaged, according to the local council. Many services, such as water, electricity and health are absent or severely limited. Some schools have resumed, though they are lacking school materials and other supplies.",11
10416,"Joyce Amol, a refugee living in Palabek Ogili refugee settlement camp in Uganda’s Lamwo district, says living conditions at the camp are horrible.“In order for you a human being to live well you need food, you need water you need other things to make you live like really a human being so we are lacking a lot in these camps,” she says.Amol says she is willig, with her family, to return to South Sudan.Driliga George, a refugee living in Palorinya refugee settlement camp, says his financial situation in Uganda is worsening every day.He, for instance, said the food rations he receives from aid agencies are not enough to feed him and the rest of his family members. ",1
860,"Many have no access to food or water and are in open air spaces. Weather conditions in recent weeks have seen temperatures drop, as well as increased rain. An estimated 20 percent of the group is women, including pregnant women, and children. It is believed that most migrants and refugees originated from countries in the Sahel.",3
7452,"A post-harvest assessment (November 2017) indicated that the conflict has severely impacted food availability and prices in the Kasaïs, with an increase of 237 and 152 percent for maize and cowpea, respectively over a one-year period.",3
3158,"In Talakivka, two schools had to be closed until electricity supply is restored.",2
3313,But with widespread malnutrition and rats scampering through cells made for 20 men but now crammed with 80 to 100 it's hard to focus on anything but basic survival.,11
6038,"In February 2017, 3,367 Eritreans arrived in Ethiopia, according to Ethiopia’s Administration for Refugee and Returnee Affairs.There are around 165,000 Eritrean refugees and asylum seekers in Ethiopia, according to the UN refugee agency. Thousands more Eritreans live in the country outside the asylum system.“Sometimes we get more than 120 people a day,” says Luel Abera, the reception coordinator at Adinbried. “The stories I hear are very sad: pregnant women delivering on the way, people shot at or wounded, hungry and hurt children.”",7
8674,"In Warrap, production was above average, and most households had more food stocks than normal. This state is still deficitproducing, though, and most poor households likely exhausted stocks in February. Conflict has remained relatively low throughout the state since December 2013, which has allowed most households to pursue normal livelihood activities, including fishing and the collection of wild foods. Households face extremely high food prices, which is lowering household food access. While these areas are likely Stressed (IPC Phase 2) some very poor households in face Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes.",3
11305,". Nutrition and water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) practices are sub-optimal, with less than half of the rural population accessing safe drinking water and only 11.3 per cent of the overall population accessing improved sanitation. Half of all children in Eritrea are stunted,5 and as a result, these children are even more vulnerable to malnutrition and disease outbreaks.",8
6674,"Since 19 Jan, heavy rains in Tumbe resulted in 8 PIN and 1488 affected, houses collapsed and damaged, 2 schools and 1 health center affected",4
4307,"The high influx of IDPs to Tambura has strained local resources including access to food, land for cultivation and clean water. Five out of the eight settlements assessed through the Area of Knowledge (AoK) methodology reported that there was not enough land for cultivation. This is consistent with FGD findings, which suggest that although the host community reportedly shared their land with IDPs, the acreages were often too small to cultivate enough to sustain the HHs. In addition to reduced access to land, localized dry spells and pests are reportedly affecting crop growth in Tambura and Source Yubu towns and outskirts. Famine Early Warning Systems Network (FEWS NET) reports confirm that although precipitation has been above average, localized dry spells have affected the south western part of the country.6 FGD participants indicated that the harvest yields will likely not be enough to feed the population during the lean season. With inadequate access to land for cultivation, most of the IDPs in Tambura rely on casual labour, such as collecting firewood or fetching water and selling it to shop and restaurant owners. Women explained that these activities expose them to sexual abuse and the risk of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infections.",5
7001,"A Flash Appeal was issued on 28 February for US$10.2 million, which included US$2.5 million for Education for which UNICEF is the lead. The response is mostly focused on supporting temporary learning spaces and emergency repairs in classrooms to enable 100,000 children to return to school. ",10
10891,"Our sources said the police has been collecting documentary and other evidence in the recent days, and that testimonies based on such information have formed the bulk of the evidence they have gathered so far.     Fraud. The allegations the officials face include fraud regarding the distribution of food assistance, refugee numbers, refugees being required to pay bribes in order to get registered and allegations that scholarships meant for refugees are instead going to Ugandans.  Trafficking. There are also allegations of trafficking of minor girls and women to marry men, who are not of their choice after paying a bribe to officials at the border crossing points and claims that officials interfere in the election of leaders in refugee communities to prevent individuals deemed too vocal from getting elected.  Career. Mr Apollo Kazungu joined the Office of the Prime Minister (OPM) as an assistant commissioner in June 2004, and in 2010 became Commissioner for Refugees. Multiple sources have told Daily Monitor that he for many years was the dominant force regarding refugee matters and wielded more powers over the affairs of refugees than any other official within OPM.",9
10745,"Israel is holding captive 6500 detainees, including 1928 who were abducted since the beginning of this year.",9
1700,The high number of conflict-IDPs migrating with their livestock to areas facing livestock feed shortages are putting additional pressure on limited resources. The Agriculture Cluster is currently drafting a response strategy for conflict-induced IDPs in camps in Oromia and Somali regions and for those living with host communities. The strategy will also include needs of the host community to prevent resource conflict between the host community and IDPs.,5
10363,Yemeni children infected by cholera at rate of one every 35 seconds,4
3125,"The total number of people in need (PIN) is estimated to be 10.3 million people. This is a drop from 18 million from 2017. The reduction is not a reflection of commensurate improvement in the humanitarian situation, although there has been some, but reflects a more accurate and evidence-based identification of the most vulnerable groups. To account for overlap between sectors, the overall PIN figure uses the Food Security figure, as the highest PIN and overlaps with all other sectors.",1
5618,"North Korea’s Ministry of Public Health reported over 80,000 confirmed cases of the influenza strain H1N1 that is endemic in pigs, known as swine flu, between December 1, 2017 and January 16, 2018, according to a bulletin issued by the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies.",4
469,"Unknown assailants shot Muni, a transgender woman in Mansehra district, Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa (K-P) on May 4. Her offense was not being able to provide smaller currency for a 1000 rupee note (USD $9) so that the money could be “showered” upon transgender women invited to dance at a marriage function. The senseless attack is evidence of how cheap these lives are considered, and is only the latest of several recent attacks on transgender women in the province. According to local activists, this is the fifty-seventh murder of a transgender person in the K-P province since 2015 and the fourth in 2018.",9
7564,"Wajir teachers threaten to shut schools over shortage after attacksTeachers in Wajir County have threatened to shutdown all learning institutions as only a few of them are left. They issued the threat on Saturday, noting the few available teachers cannot meet the demand. Close to 200 non-local teachers have left the county due to security concerns following al Shabaab's attack on Qarsa Primary School.The county's Knut branch pointed out Batalu Primary School only has its head teacher as eight-non-local tutors left, paralysing learning. ",2
1608,"The electricity and water infrastructure in Avdiivka was extensively damaged on 29 and 30 January. The resulting power outages disabled water pumping from a backup reservoir that serves the town and on which the heating system relies. In temperatures plummeting to minus 17 degrees Celsius (1 degree Fahrenheit), the situation could have catastrophic consequences for the residents of Avdiivka.  ",11
6737,"aome families have had no option but to enter ayria (Albu Kamal) and then re-enter Iraq in Rutba and proceed east until they reach Kilo 18 Transit Camp in Ramadi. Two other routes go through Ukashat and Hasa areas before also ending up in Kilo 18. Many of the IDPs are males and they have indicated to protection partners that they fled first to escape being forced to join armed extremist groups, and that their families will join them later. The IDPs indicated that they had to pay smugglers UaD 250 – 300 per person – a high cost that most families cannot afford without selling off assets – and went through several security screenings before and after arriving at Kilo 18 and at final destination camps in east Anbar.",9
11536,"In a separate development in Nangarhar, officials said IS militants abducted 13 lecturers of the Haska Mina religious school on January 15. ",9
7617,"Final reports from the Civil Protection Authority mention 369 deaths (228 of these in Mexico City, of which 29 were children). 155,674 homes were damaged; 38 buildings collapsed in Mexico City.4  ",10
8051,"The Ministry of Agriculture's Policy and Planning Director Nabil Abu Shamala told Al-Monitor that lands cultivated with vegetables cover a surface area of about 20,000 acres, of which about 40% is located in the eastern part of the governorates of Rafah, Khan Yunis and al-Wusta. 'The power outage has disrupted the irrigation process by affecting the water quantities allocated to irrigation, which dropped by 50-60%. These quantities are expected to further decrease by up to 80% with Israel reducing its supply to the enclave,' he said.He added that the eastern towns such as al-Fakhari and Abasan in Khan Yunis governorate are the most affected areas, where the estimated damage rate stands at 60%, or about 12 tons of destroyed crops per acre, while in Gaza City and the northern areas this rate is estimated at 40%, or about 8 tons per acre.Shamala noted that the cost of using generators to operate agricultural irrigation wells in the governorates of Rafah and Khan Yunis is $30 per hour, which exceeds farmers’ financial capacity.",11
8824,"At least 12 civilians were killed in northern Mali in an attack on a market that also involved the shooting of a Malian soldier, military sources said on Sunday.The attack took place Saturday in the town of Boulekessi near the border with Burkina Faso.",9
8858,".Overall, 124 Palestinians, 14 of them children, were injured by Israeli forces in multiple clashes in the West Bank, representing a significant increase compared with the equivalent figures since the beginning of 2017. Most of the injuries occurred during clashes in the context of demonstrations commemorating the 41th anniversary of “Land Day”, marking a mass expropriation of land from Palestinian citizens of Israel. Other clashes were reported over the course of multiple search and arrest operations; at a funeral of the boy killed in Al Jalazun Refugee Camp; and during clashes in various locations across the Jerusalem and Ramallah governorates. Four Israeli soldier were reportedly injured by stones.",9
1264,"There is a significant need for food, water, shelter and protection for those arriving in Bangladesh. A large majority of those fleeing are women and children. Children account for approximately 60% of those who have sought safety in makeshift settlements.  The area has recently experienced flooding and more rains are predicted.  Due to the makeshift nature of the settlements, water, sanitation and hygiene infrastructure is under-developed and the flooding increases the risk of significant outbreaks of disease. ",9
1552,"SAO TOME AND PRINCIPE  OVER 1,300 INFECTED BY RARE DISEASE   More than 1,300 cases of necrotizing cellulitis - a rare infection that causes skin decay – have been reported since September 2016. To date, all of the country's health districts have reported cases, and the country’s 193,000 inhabitants are at risk. Cases have been increasing but no deaths directly linked to the disease have been recorded. The Ministry of Health and WHO are working to curb the outbreak through surveillance and information campaigns. The mode of infection remains unknown.",4
3131,hese households have been particularly affected by  the high inflation and the increased of food prices thus they experienced a reduction  of their income and a significant increase on their share of food expenditure. I,3
1616,57% of refugee HH severely vulnerable to food insecurity 20% of refugee HH moderately vulnerable to food insecurity  52% of refugee HH unable to cover SMEB 10% of Lebanese HH vulnerable to food insecurity ,3
10176,"An estimated 709 houses were destroyed in Hamidiya camp on Wednesday evening, and dozens of houses collapsed in Hassahissa, Khamsa Degaig, and El Teiba camps. Rains and mud streams turned three classrooms in Hamidiya into rubble. On Monday people in the camp reported that five basic schools in Hamidiya and Hassahissa were destroyed, along with 673 homes. Speaking from Hamidiya camp, El Shafie Abdallah, the coordinator of the Central Darfur camps, told Radio Dabanga that the rains also destroyed a water tank. “Large numbers of families are now surviving in the open without shelter.”",10
1120,"Access to Documentation continues to be one of the main concerns mainly in Misrata, where IDPs face increasing challenges/difficulties to issue documents related to birth/death registration, marriage registration, divorce registration, passports, etc. Access to the civil registrar office is reported by many IDPs who also reported denial from civil register offices to provide them with certificates and asked them to return to Benghazi to get civil documents. The only paper provided by the civil register offices is the family status certificate ???'??????? . ?????",9
4631,"According to WHO, of 20 July, 368 207 suspected cholera cases and 1 828 deaths have been reported. More than 50% of cases are concentrated in five governorates: Sana'a city, Hodeida, Hajjah, Amran and Ibb.",4
11609,"This represents a slight increase in power cuts compared to the previous period, attributed to a complete halt in electricity supply from Egypt, reportedly due to technical malfunctioning of the three feeder lines.",7
3995,"Adults restricting their consumption is also common, more common among female family members compared to male members.",3
9927,"An estimated 10,000 newly arrived refugees are in need of schooling ranging from preschool to high school. Of these, 5,552 including 2,426 girls are enrolled in camp schools and have received school kits provided by UNICEF. ? Schools in host villages face many challenges including lack of teaching materials, classrooms and school supplies.",2
1188,"Trauma casualty rates in Mosul are high. Between 18 February and 8 March, at least 744 people have been treated for conflict-related injuries at Trauma Stabilization Points (TSPs) near frontline areas of western Mosul city.",4
4359,"Over 430 professors, assistants and faculty have left the University of Simon Bolivar, in Caracas, since 2015, according to Azzato, the university's vice rector of administration. The public university is widely considered one of Venezuela's best, yet more than a third of the faculty have left in three years.The vast majority of professors are leaving in search of better lives in other countries as Venezuela dives deeper intoStudents are leaving, too. Azzato says the university started the year with roughly 12,000 students, but she estimates that has sunk to 10,700.",2
1152,"Amanat Al Asimah reported the highest number of suspected cholera cases (17,015 cases) followed by Hajjah governorate (10,444 cases) and Amran (10,074 cases). However, Al-Mahweet governorate accounted for the highest attack rate (79.9 per 10 000), followed by Sana’a governorate (70.8 per 10 000), Amran (70.6 per 10 000) and Al-Bayda (52.3 per 10 000). ",4
3900,Rift Valley Fever outbreak - Yirol East with 43 suspect human cases including 6 confirmed,4
10121,"Between 1 January and 20 February 2018, 109 reported cases of measles, including 49 confirmed, were reported in Ansongo (Gao), Bandiagara and Douentza (Mopti), and Yanfolila and Kadiolo (Sikasso). ",4
1685,"Reports suggest that two hospitals, a polyclinic, a dental clinic, three schools, and a kindergarten were damaged by shelling in Makiivka and Donetsk city, which are controlled by armed groups. ",9
10283,"The IASN and livelihood assistance gap heightens the risk of further deterioration in household food security and households being forced to further resort to “crisis” strategies, such as increased sales of livestock remained from drought (productive females), family separation, collecting firewood from unsafe areas with risk of attack, engagement into menial job “cultural” unactable",5
2539,"Wheat is the staple food for most Afghans, comprising more than 70 percent of their diet. Low-quality rice is a poor, but sometimes necessary, substitute. All markets represent significant population centers and consumer markets. Kabul, the capital, supplies the central provinces and is a transit point between the north, south, east, and west. Jalalabad supplies the eastern part of the country and acts as a crossborder market with Pakistan. Mazar-e-Sarif supplies northern provinces and, in a good year, the southern provinces as well. Faizabad supplies the chronically food insecure northeast region. Maimana market supplies the drought-prone northwest region. Hirat supplies the west. Kandahar supplies the southwestern part of the country where drought, civil insecurity, and war often hinder market activity",3
1668,"The first cases of Diphtheria are thought to have occurred on 8 November 2017. Since then, there has been an increase in suspected cases centred around Balukhali camp, but also spreading throughout camps in Ukhiya and Teknaf. As of 15th December, the total number of cases is as follows: • 1,326 suspected cases since 8th November; • 141 new patients on 15th December; • 19 deaths reported; • 76% of reported cases under 15 years old; • Cases reported across several camps, including in Teknaf; • Underreporting expected due to low health-seeking behavior among the population, potential misdiagnosis of mumps and limited visibility on clear case definition.",4
9244,"Around 6,200 refugees and migrants spent the night at Gharyan site yesterday (90 km south of Tripoli). Among them are more than 600 women and children. Yesterday, the centre received over 1,800 refugees and migrants transferred from the Dahman assembly point. The centre has reached its full capacity. UNHCR continues to be the only humanitarian organization present on site, with distribution of core relief items and protection interventions ongoing. The needs for psychosocial assistance continue to increase.",4
8298,"The northeastern state of Borno hosts almost 80 percent of the country’s IDPs.13 The highest concentration of IDPs is in Maiduguri—the state capital and the birthplace of Boko Haram. Conditions for IDPs in Maiduguri and across the Northeast are poor—whether they reside in formal government-run camps, in informal settlements, or within host communities. Many IDP camps and settlements lack access to basic necessities due to a shortage of funding and a lack of effective coordination among humanitarian actors. As military clearance operations have made more outlying areas accessible, hundreds of thousands of IDPs have left Maiduguri, preferring to return or resettle in other districts of Borno. At its height, the number of displaced across the Northeast was well over 2 million. Estimates in Maiduguri alone have fallen from 445,314 in January 2017 to 259,798 as of February 2018.14 Departures from Maiduguri have been labeled “voluntary” returns. Indeed, many IDPs are eager to leave, due to the poor conditions in the camps. However, a significant percentage of those who have left Maiduguri are unable to return to their villages of origin due to insecurity. Instead, they remain in the urban centers in their home region—effectively suffering a form of secondary displacement.",9
10308,"The decrease in acute malnutrition prevalence among IDPs in Baidoa (GAM from 29.4 % to 15.1% and SAM from 10.4 % to 3.5 % since June 2017) reflect a statistically significant improvement (P=0.000). Crude Death Rate (CDR) and Under- Five Death Rate (U5DR) have also declined from >1/10 000/day and >2/10 000/day reported in June 2017 (Gu) to <1/10 000/ day and <2/10 000/day, respectively, in 2017 Deyr (November). This is mainly attributed declined morbidity and Acute Watery Diarrhea (AWD) outbreaks and the impact of sustained humanitarian interventions. However, GAM prevalence among Baidoa IDPs remains Critical. Potential contributing factors include a high proportion of household with poor food consumption, experiencing hunger and trying to cope with food shortage. Immunization and vitamin A supplementation status are also low among children in Baidoa IDP settlement.",8
2754,"The number of people fleeing western Mosul citycontinues to climb steadily. Taking into account some 32,000 people that have returned to accessible areas, as of 10 May approximately 414,000 people were currently displaced from western Mosul according to the Iraqi authorities. This brings the total number of people who have been displaced from Mosul city and its surrounds to 622,000, as of 10 May, of whom some 480,000 people are currently still displaced. The majority of displaced people have fled to camps and emergency sites where humanitarian assistance is being provided. Conditionsfaced by anestimated 360,000 people living in ISIL-held west Mosul are of significant concern to humanitarian partners, as access to food and clean water sources continue to remain significant challenges. Health partners warn of the potential risk of waterborne disease outbreaks as summer approaches and temperatures rapidly increase.",3
2550,"Schools have been closed in most of the English speaking northwest and southwest regions since November last year, when lawyers and teachers protested the overuse of French in the bilingual country. ",2
2514,"three children and one adult have died so far in the outbreak and that there are over 120,000 suspected swine flu cases in the country, and that the outbreak is nationwide with 28 percent of the cases reported in the capital of Pyongyang.",4
8615,"Around 2,400 homes were damaged or destroyed in Hinthada Township, Ayeyawady Region, according to an announcement by the General Administrative Department.It said that turbulent winds on April 17th and 18th which affected six townships in the Hinthada District.Strong winds also damaged over 900 houses in Moenyo Township, Bago (west) region on April 18th and those affected still require emergency aids.“We already need emergency aid. Over 900 houses out of 955 were damaged while the roofs of the rest are blown away. We submitted a damage report to the Ministry of Social Welfare, Relief and Resettlement. We have received donations from the CSOs and well-wishers can contact us if they wanted to donate. Strong winds occur in our region in the past frequently though not as severe. We are working on obtaining accurate damages done list and more relief aid,” said MP Kyaw Myo Win from Moenyo Township.",10
1869,"In Libya, food inflation increased from over 22 percent in January 2017 to 26 percent in March 2017, but remained below the record levels of 39 percent in July 2017. The high inflation levels are supported by insecurity-induced supply chain disruptions and shortages of foreign currencies",5
10739,"In Turu, there is an estimated 1,400 IDPs, mainly women and children, who were displaced from Charjekow, Malual, Wunkir in Maiwut, and Malow and Pamach in Longechuk during the clashes between the government and SPLA-IO forces in July 2017. Key humanitarian gaps include lack of medical facilities, dire WASH situation, and lack of food and NFIs",7
2342,"Based on monitoring by WFP-VAM in Mosul, 1 fewer resident households reported inadequate food consumption than in the first quarter of 2017; however, rates were still high amongst IDPs and returnees. Similarly, more displaced households reported relying on negative coping strategies, and households in general reported relying on credit or support from their social networks to purchase food. Access to the PDS deteriorated amongst Mosul residents, with IDPs facing the greatest difficulties in obtaining their rations",3
2287,"Without access to food, roughly 160,000 people from across the region have walked, sometimes for days, to disease-ridden camps in government-controlled cities where aid is available. Those who are too weak to make the journey are left at home to teeter on death’s edge.",3
11886,"The temporary closing of a private school in Honduras may have been due to the imposition of what administrators are calling a 'war tax,' an illustration of how extortion negatively affects the daily life of so many in this Central American nation. ",9
5275,"The situation is certainly going from bad to worse. At this rate, the water will last for only the next 90 days in most places. We are taking all possible measures, but irrigation is perhaps the last thing on our minds now as we need to save water for all other purposes, said A Shainamol, managing director, Kerala Water Authority (KWA). ",11
6412,"Widespread damage to infrastructure continues to hinder the availability to food and livelihoods opportunities. Crucial roads and bridges remains damaged or blocked, disrupting the market food supply chain. Destruction of agriculture and fishing industry infrastructure—two main sources of employment on the island—have restricted livelihoods opportunities for many Dominicans.",3
3372,"Water distribution systems in many areas are affected and water is not safe for drinking; thus, there is a need to provide support to places where distribution systems are insufficient and water treatment actions at the household level.",11
6509,"Although the Nimule-Juba road is operational and military escorts maintain trade flows, sporadic road ambushes threaten trade supplies and the safety of travelers along this route. Trade flows from Rumbek to Wau are limited due to occasional clashes. Minimal or no activity is taking place along the Kaya-Yei and Nimule-Torit roads due to insecurity. The Juba-Bor route is officially closed due to insecurity, but some traders risk transporting goods along the road. Market supplies in Juba are near average, but supplies in most other markets of the country are much lower than normal. Trade to central and northern Jonglei remain very low. Of major concern are counties of central Unity and Raja of Western Bahr el Ghazal, where markets have minimal to no supplies",3
4273,"While weather conditions remain relatively favourable, concerns prevail about the progress of the agricultural season, particularly in the cereal production belt of Ninewah and Salahadin provinces. Here, large swathes of land are inaccessible or destroyed by fighting. Machinery and irrigation structures in conflict areas are reported to be damaged. Due to the limited availability of irrigation water, the production of “wet rice” was prohibited. Farmers are encouraged to employ dry production techniques to increase domestic rice productionMany farmers across the country resorted to planting uncertified seeds or seeds from the past harvest, resulting in lower yields due to the lack of timely seed distribution normally carried out by the Government. Supply shortages and soaring prices were also reported for fertilizers, pesticides and fuel due to supply chain disruptions.",5
6203,"SNNPR 34 out of 137 woredas classified as hotspot 1 (severely affected districts)* Population estimated to be 19.2 million (CSA projection) 830,000 children and PLW with MAM expected in 2017** 64,000 children with SAM expected in 2017**",8
8660,"Access to healthcare has also deteriorated. Informal emergency care points are reportedly no longer providing services and the only functioning health facility, a hospital, was reported recently damaged in an airstrike, though it has only provided the most basic first aid services for weeks and is typically inaccessible to civilians.1",4
2149,"465 574 ipc 1,68 441 ipc2, 3 648 ipc 3 march - may 2017 465 205ipc 1, 68 810 ipc 2, 3 648 ipc 3 june- august 2017",3
7704,"In Marsabit County, four cases of Kalaazar (Visceral Leishmaniosis) are admitted at Marsabit County Referral Hospital. The County has no test kits and UNICEF is coordinating with MSF for supply of drugs for management of Kalaazar and diagnostic test kits. In Mandera County, mild strain of Dengue fever is reported. Turkana County has reported an increasing number of Diarrhea and Respiratory Tract Infection (RTI) cases, and an increase in community based referral cases. In Kibish sub county, access to essential life-saving health services is limited in spite of the increased caseload",4
7464,"An estimated 40 per cent of the people in the villages assessed had not cultivated their land during the last agricultural season mainly due to insecurity, shortage of rainfall and infestations by agricultural pests. The people do not have access to animal health services and access to pasture is poor / central darfur",0
4677,"“If the Rohingya are to return to Myanmar, it is critical for them to feel assured that their protection will be assured and they will not be subject to the oppression and violence they lived under for decades,” he said. Ronalds said the “minimum conditions” for any deal needed to include the provision of basic rights to the Rohingya such as citizenship, freedom of movement and unimpeded access to jobs.",9
2230,"An activist of Azerbaijan's opposition Popular Front Party (AXCP) has been sentenced to four years in prison after a trial that he said was politically motivated. The Baku Court for Serious Crimes on June 16 found Fuad Ahmadli guilty of giving to a third party illegally obtained personal data of a mobile operator's clients, and sentenced him the same day.",9
2322,"Since the signing of the Cessation of Hostilities Agreement last December, local authorities say the area has been stable with no security issues reported. As a result, many civilians who had fled are returning home to start afresh.But they are coming back to nothing.“There is no food and clean drinking water for civilians here. “We are lacking health service and education facilities. We have the structure of the school in place but lack teaching materials. We have the structure of the hospital but no medicine and doctors,” said the county commissioner, Adulok Ogeny Mal-lulak, adding that he wants humanitarian organizations to intervene to save people from starvation.",11
6450,"The Sabha municipality said Friday that about 120 families were internally displaced from Tayori neighborhood in Sabha due to the clashes in southern region, and the city in particular. On Facebook, the municipality said that it had formed a committee to register the families, adding that so far, 700 men and women plus 200 children have been documented. Meanwhile, the Head of the Public Relations Bureau at Al-Taher Al-Zawiy Organization in Sabha, Ali Al-Kashekri, said they have talked to the displaced families, who took refuge in Abu Bakr Al-Siddiq School, and manged to provide them with the necessary foods they need, in cooperation with the volunteers from Menshiya neighborhood.",10
5130,"In total, 14,485 suspected measles cases and 174 deaths were reported with a high fatality of 1.2%. During this period, 43%, 25% and 15% of the total cases were reported in the provinces of Maniema, Tanganyika and South Kivu respectively. During the same period in 2016, 1105 cases and 8 deaths were reported (fatality rate: 0.7%). It should be highlighted that despite a pre-emptive immunization campaign, certain provinces such as Maniema and South Kivu reported most of the suspected measles cases.",4
5571,"The latest joint epidemiological bulletin by the Federal Ministry of Health (FMoH) and World Health Organization (WHO) indicates that between mid-August 2016 and 2 June 2017 almost 15,000 suspected cases of Acute Watery Diarrhoea (AWD) were reported in Sudan, including 279 deaths (case fatality ratio is 1.9 per cent). Overall 67 localities in 11 states are affected, including Blue Nile, Gedarif, Gezira, Kassala, Khartoum, North Kordofan, Northern, Red Sea, River Nile, Senar and White Nile states. The outbreak is currently active in Gedarif, White Nile, Khartoum, Senar, River Nile state, North Kordofan and Gezira. ",4
209,"Without formal schools, 'temporary learning centres' operated by NGOs like Save the Children and BRAC, a Bangladeshi aid group, allow some children to attend classes for about two hours per day, but there’s no certification to show they've completed a grade level.",2
4645,"04 March 2017, UNOSAT located 1,553 probable shelters. This is a 1% increase in shelters since the previous UNOSAT analysis done using an image collected 24 January 2016.",10
4711,"Browne, who visited the island and then reviewed the scene by air, estimated in an interview on national television that '95 percent of the properties would have suffered some level of damage.' Many homes on Barbuda aren't built on concrete foundations or have poorly constructed wooden roofs that are susceptible to wind damage, and 'some have lost whole roofs,' Browne said, adding: 'Some properties have been totally demolished.'",10
8564,"More than 24,000 of refugee children under five years in South Sudan suffer from growth retardation, a nutrition survey done by the United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR) shows.South Sudanese refugees carrying Core Relief Items walk down a road in Bidibidi refugee settlement, Yumbe District, Northern Region, Uganda. (UNHCR/David Azia)The agency said the survey, which was conducted among refugee children under five in eight refugee camps and settlements across South Sudan in December 2017 revealed that 6.2 per cent or 3,391 out of the total of 54,172 refugee children under 5 years old were suffering from acute malnutrition.The survey, UNHCR said, also revealed that 48% or 26,000 of refugee children were suffering from anemia. Overall nutrition status of refugee children has improved as compared to previous years, however the number of children suffering from stunting, acute malnutrition and anemia remains to be a matter of high concern. ",8
10269,"More than three quarters of CAR’s working population relies on agriculture, but cycles of displacement have driven farmers from their land, leaving fields abandoned. Even when farmers return to their land, many do not have seeds to plant, or are reluctant to plant crops without a stable future to plan for. As a result, crop production has dropped by over half since 2013, food prices have soared, and almost half the population is without reliable access to food. Malnutrition rates in some areas exceed emergency levels.",3
10827,"On nutrition, there is a great increase in the number of people who require support, especially in the number of children with acute malnutrition. Some counties are reporting rates of acute malnutrition ranging between 15 per cent in Baringo to 32 per cent in Mandera based on mixed criteria - MUAC and Weight for Height",8
2098,"Protection concerns for the people affected by Hurricane Matthew are high, especially for the 175,000 people who took refuge in 307 collective centres, mainly in Grand’Anse, Sud and Nippes departments. Partners are still registering the displaced; as of 9 November, 33,578 displaced people, amongst whom 52 per cent are female and 48 per cent are male, had been registered23 . They need to be relocated based on durable solutions for their safe and voluntary return. They were already in a difficult socio-economic situation before the hurricane, with high rates of family separation and violence, including sexual and gender-based violence. Sud and Grand’Anse departments, for instance, are among the departments with the highest rates of children in informal foster care and domestic work. Nationwide, one in four children does not live with his/her parents, and an estimated 207,000 children are engaged in unacceptable forms of child labor24. Also, one in four women has experienced physical violence from age 1525. In such emergency, risks of violence, exploitation and abuse increase",10
9284,"While seasonal rains have provided much needed water in many parts of the country, rains remain insufficient particularly in drought affected woredas of Oromia, SNNP and most of Somali region (in nine of eleven zones of the region). While demand for water trucking is increasing, financial limitations provide challenges to this costly intervention. Currently, out of the total 736 trucks needed in the country, only 379 trucks are deployed. These trucks are collecting water from functioning water supply systems and distributing to an estimated 1.3 million people affected by the drought in Afar, Oromia, SNNP and Somali regions. Under the partnership agreement with UNICEF, Oxfam has started water trucking in Somali region targeting 198,700 people in temporary resettlement sites, schools and health facilities to have access to safe water. ",11
3912,The men reported that the people in the camp depend largely on food rations for their livelihoods. Most of the refugees sell a substantial portion of the rations in order to find money to allow them buy other household needs. ,3
2276,Below-average pasture and water availability in pastoral areas due to early cessation of seasonal rainfall and high temperatures,2
9911,": Many types of livelihoods have been affected by the floods, including those of farmers whose crops have been heavily damaged. Among the worst-hit crops are paddy (summer rice), jute (vegetable fibre), dhaincha (multipurpose legume) and vegetables, with around 611,170 hectares of standing crops in 32 districts4 have suffered damages. The damage to agriculture will likely have an impact on the availability and price of food at the local markets as well as the demand for labour over the next months. Lesser work opportunities will reduce the purchasing power of vulnerable households, which will in turn result in a prolonged lean season and negatively affect food security and nutrition status. Another concern linked to agriculture is replanting the Aman crop, especially because seedbeds have been damaged. In addition, the flood situation is making it difficult for farmers to cultivate land as most embankments have been washed away. The floods have also affected availability of fodder for livestock, such as cattle, and reduced safe and secure places for the livestock, increasing the likelihood of cattle mortality. If the situation persists, the affected people are likely to resort to negative coping means such as taking loans or selling their poultry and livestock to obtain money for survival – a situation which leaves them economically vulnerable. Already, many farmers – who traditionally  rear cows and goats to sell during the Eid Ul Adha festival – fear that they may not be able to sell their livestock as expected and have resorted to immediate disposing them off at a lower market value. ",5
11892,"A total of 58 internally displaced person (IDP) settlements in the region are currently receiving assistance in the form of water trucking and food supplies, according to the government.",11
10913,"LOMAMI: IDPs have one meal a day (mostly in the evening); • Children under 5 years show signs of malnutrition; • Shortage of food and grain: food and grain stocks are destroyed, stolen or burned; • Food is not available and accessible; families missed the first growing season and have just missed the current one; • Several agricultural fields have been destroyed and burned; • Due to conflicts, no quality seed (improved and resistant seed varieties) available in these areas; • At least 95% of producers do not have essential agricultural inputs (in assessed areas); • Livestock heads have been stolen in several villages; • Markets are not structured, and often organized once a week; • Irregular supply of agricultural products in markets; • In all markets assessed, prices for basic agricultural products have doubled or tripled during the period (from March to September 2017);",3
5419,"Famine (IPC Phase 5) is likely ongoing in Leer. Large-scale humanitarian assistance was delivered in March and April and is helping moderate food consumption gaps among recipients. Additional information on food security or nutrition outcomes, though, is not yet available. Large-scale humanitarian assistance continues to likely reach the majority of the population in need in Mayendit and Panyijiar. A recent SMART survey conducted in March in Panyijiar recorded a GAM (WHZ) of 16.0 percent (10.0-19.7), on the low end of the threshold indicative of Emergency (IPC Phase 4), and a non-trauma Crude Death Rate (CDR) of 0.57, on the low end of the threshold indicative of Crisis (IPC Phase 3). With ongoing humanitarian assistance, it is expected that Panyijiar is in Crisis (IPC Phase 3!). Households of greatest concern, including recently arrived IDPs and those displaced away from humanitarian assistance distributions, remain in Emergency (IPC Phase 4), though. In Mayendit, where SMART survey results from January/February found a GAM prevalence of 27.3 percent, Emergency (IPC Phase 4!) outcomes likely persist. Similarly, large-scale humanitarian assistance since February has reached the majority of the need in Koch. Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes likely persist in Koch, but an elevated risk of Famine (IPC Phase 5) remains.",8
11344,"Food insecurity among the affected population is increasing due to protracted displacement, disruption to markets and lower food commodity production. Livelihoods and access to basic social services have been affected by the conflict, exposing the most vulnerable people to a high risk of inadequate food consumption and forcing people into negative coping strategies such as spending savings, cutting their number of daily meals and reducing non-food related expenses, particularly in health and education.",3
4279,"Furthermore, evidences and proofs, according to hundreds of eyewitnesses’ accounts, suggest that 90% at least of the widespread and single attacks were directed against civilians and civil facilities.",4
2454,"12,000 displaced Syrians in the study setting of Al Marj, Bekaa. Refugees in Al Marj live either in tented settlements or in rented rooms or flats. Tented settlements, resembling very small refugee camps, are located on agricultural land, not far from town centers. Refugees pay between $75 and $100 per month to reside in the tented settlements, and have no formal tenancy agreements. Tents are small and are often shared by numerous families. This congestion encourages the spread of infectious diseases and may increase protection risks. The tents have limited access to clean water, and no appropriate sanitation facilities",11
358,"The January 2018 nutrition situation reflects a typical post-harvest seasonal improvements, with expectedly lower GAM rates that are attributed to humanitarian assistance, food stocks from harvests, improved access to nutrition and health services, reduction in morbidity and disease outbreaks during the dry season. Of the 22 SMART surveys conducted between September 2017 and January 2018, eight of them showed GAM rates above the 15% WHO emergency threshold. However, five counties in Jonglei (Ayod, Pibor, Akobo, Nyirol and Twic East), all counties in Northern Bahr el Ghazal (except Aweil Centre), Kapoeta East in Eastern Equatoria and Melut in Upper Nile state show Critical levels of Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM 15.0%-29.9%)",8
11016,Several communities in Papua New Guinea (PNG) continues to suffer from the effects of man made and natural hazards including the 2015/16 El Niño induced drought and frost. In many places crop production failed that the supply of water and staple foods were significantly affected. Several people were driven to use water from unsafe sources increasing the risk of sickness and related health problems. Consequently schools and health centres shut down. ,3
10357,"An estimated 70,000 are still living under ISIS rule in the Hawija district, west of Kirkuk, where they are suffering shortages of water, food, and health care, the UN said on Sunday. [F]ood prices in markets are very high making them unaffordable for the most vulnerable. Medicines are scarce, and few health professionals remain in the area.",11
3285,"The states of Adamawa, Borno and Yobe have faced a nine-year-long escalating conflict resulting in the massive displacement of people, significant human, social and economic losses, and high levels of food insecurity, particularly in Borno State. The overall impact of the conflict on agriculture is estimated at about USD 3.7 billion (World Bank and Buhari Plan). There are about 1.7 million IDPs in the three northeastern Nigeria states (DTM IOM, Round XXII, April 2018), of which 82.7 percent in Borno. Host communities are also affected with weak access to the necessary resources for their own food production, and face high levels of poverty and malnutrition. The situation is further compounded by climate variability that negatively impacts the production system resulting in poor crop yields and livestock productivity, which in turn affect households’ livelihood and food security. The number of people facing acute food insecurity in Borno, Yobe and Adamawa has significantly reduced over the past year from 4.7 million (March?May 2017) to 2.3 million (March?May 2018). However, the latest Cadre Harmonisé analysis (March 2018) indicates that, despite improved food production in 2017, the main food security, nutrition and livelihood indicators are still at alarming levels and 2.9 million people are projected to be severely food insecure during the lean season (June-August 2018) in the three northeastern states.",3
5147,"Evictions and camp consolidation continue to present a risk of involuntary and/or unsafe returns for displaced families. Kilo 18 and AlKhalidiyah camps for internally displaced people (IDPs) in Anbar Governorate are being consolidated, leading to the relocation of IDPs to other camps. In Baghdad, some 1,200 families originally from Anbar, Salah al-Din and Ninewa governorates face premature return following eviction notifications. Moreover, 18,000 families occupying private and public buildings in informal complexes in Salah al-Din Governorate are at risk of eviction. Advocacy to prevent forced relocation of families continue.  ",9
5461,1 268 840 IPC 3 June to August  43 973 IPC 4 June to August 4 385 605 IPC 2 June to August,3
7468,"The current cholera outbreak in Lusaka is occurring in densely populated peri-urban areas, with inadequate water and sanitation services, thus vulnerable to rapid transmission. The last outbreak in Lusaka occurred in 2016 and affected 1 089 people across several areas, including the same two sub-districts (Chipata and Kanyama). An oral cholera vaccination (OCV) campaign was conducted in response to the outbreak in four locations of Lusaka (Kanyama, Bauleni, Cahwama, and George); however, Chipata Sub-District was not covered (except for the Chaisa catchment area). While this campaign may have offered some protection, OCV is not 100% effective and immunity wanes rapidly. Timely implementation of WASH interventions to address contamination of water sources and improving safe water supplies to affected communities are critical to combat the immediate threat and provide longer-term prevention. Health authorities have done well to detect this event early and rapidly scale up response, providing the best chances to contain the outbreak.",11
9762,"With about 1.7 million registered displaced people – about four percent of its total population – Ukraine has the ninth-largest number of IDPs in the world. Many live in non-government controlled areas (NGCAs) but cross back and forth on a monthly basis. That line they cross is now described as one of the most mine-ridden stretches of land in the world.Many IDPs in Ukraine are vulnerable – a large percentage are the elderly, women, or children – and the poverty level is estimatd to be as high as 80 percent. Very few own their own accommodation and some 6,000 still live in collective shelters.",10
2438,"14.5 million people lack clean water and sanitation, including 8 million children.",11
8267,"Due to unfavourable weather conditions, over 70 percent of arable land was affected by drought in the southwestern and northern districts; particularly in the Karamoja region, where sorghum and millet are predominantly grown. As a result, crop development has been poor and harvesting delayed by one month.",8
3647,"The protection problems facing the population include: (i) security concerns; (ii) trafficking; (iii) sexual and gender-based violence (SGBV); (iv) xenophobia; (v) forced child recruitment; (vi) lack of access to a legal status and documentation, with risks of statelessness; (vii) lack of work opportunities; (viii) lack of information on asylum and assistance mechanisms; (ix) labour exploitation; (x) survival sex work; and (xi) lack of access to health and education. Similarly, local host communities are facing increased pressure and require support to respond to communal needs and prevent xenophobia",9
656,"A pharmacist in Khartoum told Radio Dabanga that people have complained about the shortages of malaria medicines, drops against blindness, and medicines that reduce cholesterol. The majority of pharmaceutical medicines “are almost non-existent in Khartoum's pharmacies”, he said. “Some patients are forced to buy them from Cairo, especially blindness drops and medicines for sight operations.” ",4
1915,"Following the recent increases in the parallel market exchange rates, food prices across Libya have been moving upwards. Among the assessed locations, food prices rose by 6.0% since November. In the east (+10.3%), food prices were found to have increased more than in the west (+4.4%), while food prices decreased slightly (-3.4%) in the south. Significant changes to overall food prices were reported in Tobruk (12.5%) and Zwara (+13.9%). Notable price changes since November were registered for fresh vegetables, namely tomatoes (+25.0%), onions (+20.0%) and peppers (+12.5%). These increases were likely driven by seasonal factors. Most locations furthermore saw a rise in sugar (+12.5%) and chicken meat (+9.1%) prices. Across many assessed locations, shop owners reported a shortage of lamb meat in the market.",3
8110,"The recent assessment mission to Kapoeta, Eastern Equatoria in mid-February found the overall food security and livelihods situation to be at a critical level as a result of two consecutive years of minimal rainfall that led to total crop failure. The area is the only location in South Sudan currently estimated to be in a drought situation. At the time of the assessment, all water points in the counties were being shared by humans and livestock, while many schools in rural villages were closed due to non-attendence by students, with hunger among children being cited as the reason. The poor food security situation is exacerbated by the ongoing economic crisis and high commodity prices in the markets. Additionally, unprecedented levels of cattle raiding has led to a lack of access to milk and meat for the Toposa pastoral community, the main inhabitants of Greater Kapoeta.",3
10329,"Safe and hygienic sanitation is key to a healthy living environment. And while more than two-thirds of households (69.5 per cent) have access to an “improved source of drinking water”, this still means that 16 million people in Myanmar, primarily in rural areas, do not have access to safe drinking water. Worldwide, diarrheal diseases that are commonly spread by contaminated water kill more children than AIDS, malaria, and measles combined.  And while three quarters of households (74.3 per cent) have access to “improved sanitation”, this still means that 13 million people, again primarily in rural areas, do not have access to a toilet or latrine that hygienically separates feces from human contact.  1.5 million of these people have no access to a toilet at al",11
5015,"A landslide caused by torrentialrain in East Luwu District of SouthSulawesi Selatan on 12 May resulted in seven deaths, 11 injuries anddamaged at least 14 houses. Localgovernment declared an emergencyresponse between 12 and 18 May, andprovided relief assistance",10
6036,"Greek authorities are failing to provide adequate protection for women and girls living in government-run, European Union-sponsored facilities for asylum seekers on the island of Lesbos, Human Rights Watch said today. In November, 2017, Human Rights Watch interviewed 25 asylum-seeking women and girls as young as 13, living in the Moria “hotspot” on Lesbos. They described harassment, the threat of gender-based violence, and health risks. Human Rights Watch found that the conditions resulted from insufficient security, poor hygiene and sanitation facilities, and failures in the system to identify and address the needs of vulnerable people.",4
2716,"More than 3.4 million people need food assistance in Kenya with the number of severely food insecure (IPC Phases 3 and 4) rising from 2.2 million to 2.6 million. In the pastoral areas, food insecurity is projected to increase as livelihood resources continue to deteriorate through at least mid-October. Food prices continue to rise, and decreasing income is likely further reduce food access and consumption at the household level. In addition, severe water shortages have impacted thousands across the drought affected counties including Wajir and Turkana. Food insecurity is expected to peak in September, October with additional areas in Wajir moving into Crisis (IPC Phase 3), while households in Turkana (Turkana East, Turkana South and Turkana North) are likely to face Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes. The worsening drought situation, is further compounded by funding shortfalls in Kenya. Again, the recent national elections have negatively impacted delivery of humanitarian assistance in the drought affected counties. In Wajir the government has stopped vital water delivery to over 150 villages due to budgets not being released to the water department. With the court decision to have a re-run of the elections in Kenya it is likely that critical assistance will continue to be affected. The ongoing nurses’ strike has continued to impact the health and nutrition sector which is coupled by a national cholera outbreak that is currently active in 8 counties. Over 800 cases of AWD/cholera and 30 deaths were reported from Nairobi. The rainfall outlook for the next three months indicates further stress to livelihoods as the dry season unfolds",4
1141,"The Education sector was alerted that hunger and the absence of school feeding is negatively impacting student attendance in camps throughout Maiduguri Metropolitan Council (MMC) and Jere. Many schools have reduced teaching time from 5 hours to only 2 hours per day as children are hungry. Similarly in Adamawa camps, where pupils do not receive school feeding anymore, attendance and class time has also been negatively affected. The Federal Government plans to adopt the National School Feeding System (which has already started in nine other states) for Borno, although it is planned to only target children in Early Childhood Development and Grades 1 to 3 (i.e. from 3 to 8 years old). UNICEF has brought the issue to the attention of the Commissioner for Education and the Inter-Sectoral Working Group through an advisory committee within the Education Sector, and enlisting the support of other humanitarian partners including WFP and INGOs. ",2
9704,"Five people have been confirmed dead in Galkaayo district with dozens of children malnourished as drought continues to wreak havoc in the country.The five deaths have been reported in a village in the outskirt of Galkaayo, while the 70 cases of malnutrition have been confirmed. ",8
8439,"At least 95 police officers have been hospitalised in Kenya with suspected cases of cholera. According to the Health ministry, the officers are said to have been infected after taking meals at the Nairobi Area Police Canteen. On Sunday, some 59 officers were hospitalised in various hospitals in Nairobi with another 36 admitted Monday after contracting the disease.They were part of a group of 430 officers deployed to Nairobi ahead of the Supreme Court ruling on presidential poll petition on Friday. They were residing at the Multimedia University Hotel in Rongai, about 17 kilometres south of the capital. ",4
9355,To mention few of the surveys conducted in April-June 2017 show GAM levels of; 26.4% in Badhan (Sanaag) 23% in Abuduwaq (Galgaduud) 19.6% in Hudur (Bokool) 29% in Baidoa IDP (Bay),8
3059,"80% of individuals who have already spent at least one year in a country that is different to their country of nationality (secondary migration) responded positively to one or more trafficking and other exploitative practices indicators. The rate is 70% among those who did not engage in secondary migration and started the journey to Europe from their origin country. Hence, migrants who make secondary movements after longer transit/expatriation periods are more vulnerable.",9
2615,Four confirmed cases of Measles reported from Montserrado County  One confirmed Bloody diarrhea case reported from Rivercess County  One confirmed case of Lassa fever reported from Bong County,4
6555,"The villages of Gossi and Ouinerden (Rharous area, Timbuktu region) have been affected by heavy rainfall that caused flash flooding. According to local rapid assessments, the floods resulted in damage to shelter and property, loss of foodstuff and the death of thousands of livestock. The risk of water-borne disease outbreak is high after water points were contaminated by animal corpses. ",11
9634,"In the south, the median cheapest price of all assessed fuel items decreased. However, manually refined petrol and diesel continue to be more expensive relative to the rest of Syria.",7
1308,"On May 21, the Iraqi government reported that 551,223 individuals have fled western Mosul since the operation to take that part of the city began on February 19, 2017, with a total of 516,382 individuals still currently displaced from western Mosul. Iraqi government figures also put the total number of individuals displaced since October 17, 2016 at 727,373 individuals. In addition, the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (UNOCHA) reported that trauma rates from Mosul remain “high.” Between October 17, 2016 and May 20 some 12,500 patients were referred to hospitals in Mosul and the surrounding area for emergency treatment. Roughly half of those cases were from western Mosul.  ",4
8459,"Since 04 August 2017, the Menoua Division, in the West Region of Cameroon, has been experiencing heavy rainfalls, causing a significant rise of water levels and mudslides to settlements. Resulting from this situation, severe flooding has ensued in the area, causing extensive material damage and loss of life. As of 07 August 2017, four (04) main localities had been assessed and as at now, information gathered reports that 12,890 people are affected",4
3290,"Human Rights Watch (HRW) released a report criticizing the Saudi-led coalition’s military operations in Yemen on September 12. HRW stated that the coalition failed to deliver on its promise to comply with international law to increase protection of children, recommending that the UN return the Saudi-led coalition to its List of Shame. The report supported UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra’ad al Hussein’s demand for an international inquiry into humanitarian abuses. This is the third year al Hussein urged UN member states to establish an inquiry into the war. China announced its intent to back this demand during a UN human rights council session in Geneva, Switzerland on September 13. Saudi Arabia’s ambassador to Geneva Abdulaziz Al Wasil agreed with the need for an inquiry, but that now is not the right time. The ambassador suggested the international community should focus on improving access to humanitarian relief in Yemen.[4]",9
1910,"97 dead, 20 missing, 348 injured, 250,000 children affected, 2m of students without access to education, 280,000 people in risk of health pbs, 28,900 families in food needs,1,707 people in shelter as of 28 March",3
11531,Cereal prices on the decline in December but higher than year earlier levels  ,3
9372,"Cholera: As of 17 September, 370 suspected cases, 6 confirmed cases and 52 deaths (14.1% CFR).Cases have been reported from Koukou Health District (293) and Goz Beida Health District (68) in the Sila Region, as well as Am Timan Health District (9) in the Salamat Region",4
5061,"Livelihoods ? A meeting with the Melkadida Kebele took place regarding the selection of host community farmers for the Melkadida II (40 ha) and Melkadida III (40 ha) irrigation schemes. In response to the drought, Sudan grass (Sorghum sudanense) livestock fodder was planted in the entire area of the Melkadida I scheme, as decided by local host community and refugee farmers.  ",5
6705,"he Democratic Movement of Mozambique (MDM) in Quelimane, central Mozambique, has reported that members were attacked on Women’s Day for carrying an MDM flag. “Do you have to hit us?” one of the participants at Women’s Day celebrations in Quelimane, Zambezia, exclaimed. ",9
9891,"Six ‘diarrhoea’ patients die, 97 treated in hospitals Six people died of ‘watery diarrhoea’ in El Gedaref last week. 97 new cases were admitted to hospitals in El Gedaref and Red Sea states. According to Sudan’s vice-president, the health coverage in the country reached 95 percent in 2016.",11
1175,"“It is true that xenophobia attacks have resurfaced in South Africa especially Pretoria. We are urging all Malawians who are living in South Africa to be alert or just leave the country to avoid being tortured. I can confirm that, as of now the no Malawian has been affected,” said Shumba.",9
8251,"Returnees are settling in areas devastated by seven years of conflict, not equipped to host them. Around 47 per cent of returnees have reported lack of access to household items, 51 per cent have reported challenges in accessing clean water, 54 per cent have reported challenges in accessing food and 67 per cent reported facing challenges in accessing healthcare. People returning to Aleppo and Ar-Raqqa Governorates face the worst access issues with the most reported challenges being the 'high cost of the services' and that 'services are not enough'.",3
2800,"At the heart of the affected sectors is agriculture. With long, hot summers, crops require frequent irrigation, which is heavily dependent on the availability of electricity to pump groundwater through the irrigation systems. Although alternative energy sources are available, they are generally too costly for farmers to acquire. Once harvested, the market-ready goods are easily perishable without refrigeration.",5
7841,"Most notably, the new system leaves migrants without access to state health services until they are issued identification documents containing ID numbers, usually four to six months after arriving. As recently as February, migrants could access free public facilities for emergency healthcare. Now, the medical costs of those without an ID number must be covered by the privately contracted reception centres hosting them.",9
7264,"Conflicts have been experienced in parts of Isiolo, Baringo, Turkana, Laikipia, Marsabit, Kitui, Meru and Tana River counties due to competition for rapidly diminishing resources especially in areas affected by drought. This has negatively affecting food security in these counties due to displacements, loss of lives and disruption of livelihoods. The increasing trend of attacks by aggressors from neighboring countries in North Eastern Kenya, also constrains access by humanitarian agencies to areas affected by drought. This hampers delivery of lifesaving assistance to communities faced by drought worsening food security in these areas. ",3
7915,"There is a bigger national food crunch than was projected or anticipated due to drought and the armyworm invasion. This is already being reflected in the upward surge of prices of many basic foods. In a good year much of that maize shortfall comes from formal and informal imports from Uganda and Tanzania. Unfortunately, this time round the region has suffered from drought and so there has been little or no surplus flowing in.",3
1633,"malaria:The suspected outbreak is affected 3 wards in Marasbit which are Durkana, North Horr and Loiyangalani wards. 487 total cases, 334 confirmed cases, 25 deaths, 5.1% CFR",4
8089,"The displaced, currently being hosted by the local community in Akobo town, and some of them sheltering in schools and a church, also reported being forced to flee alleged indiscriminate targeting of civilians and razing of homes by military forces. Humanitarian agencies and authorities in Akobo reported urgent needs including food, nutrition, water, and shelter following a rapid assessment in the first week of February. The Bor Protection of Civilians site has also registered 60 new arrivals fleeing around Walgak, Tanyang and Podoch in Akobo County",3
4480,"He said that an estimated 10,000 people have sought shelter in makeshift camps.",10
10175,Opposition activists in Dara’a have also stated that all medical facilities in Dar’a area have now been closed due to a lack of supplies and equipment as well as the security situation. Furthermore several attacks hit Dar’a Al Balad hospital. ,4
11171," Israeli forces closed several Palestinian media companies in the occupied West Bank in a wave of overnight raids, drawing criticism from the Palestinian Authority (PA).  The Israeli military authority in the occupied territories, COGAT, said in a statement that it raided eight Palestinian companies, accusing them of inciting violence against Israel.",9
1922,"In terms of problems encountered while living in the center, 21% have indicated that dire living conditions in centers is the most important issue encountered. ",1
10068,"The Humanitarian Partnership Agreement (HPA) is the formal mechanism for engagement between the Australian Government’s Overseas Development Agency (formally AusAID now DFAT) and selected accredited Australian NGOs to respond to humanitarian emergencies. HPA also provides a mechanism for collaboration on disaster management capacity building initiatives, implemented by these NGOs and in this case developed and initiated this Harmonised Needs Assessment (HNA) activity with support from the Ministry of Social Solidarity (National Disaster Management Directorate) and with consultation with the Ministry of the Interior. ",1
11342," In Chad, where planting of 2017 cereal crops is ongoing under generally favourable conditions, prices of millet seasonally increased in most markets in June. overall, prices remained below their year-earlier levels as a result of the above-average 2016 harvest and ample domestic supplies.",5
4983,"Two incidents of avalanche and landslides happened during the night between 17 and 18 February in district Chitral, killing eight people and injuring others.In Rech valley, an avalanche killed one person and injured three others. In a landslide in Lowari tunnel, 14 people of a SAMBU company got trapped. The army, Chitral Scouts and others rescued seven, while seven others lost their lives.Earlier this month, 13 people were killed and 20 homes destroyed by avalanches and heavy rain - while the death toll in neighbouring Afghanistan rose to almost 200.",10
3442,Inter-clan and inter-regional fighting primarily linked to tensions around the creation of new federal states resulted in civilians deaths and injury and the destruction of property.,9
4395,"Over 16 million litres of clean water are required daily and 50,000 latrines are needed or maintained. Unsanitary and congested camp conditions are increasing the risk of deadly and communicable disease outbreaks as vaccination coverage among the refugees has been low prior to their arrival in Bangladesh. Both refugees and host communities in Cox’s Bazar are also susceptible to environmental hazards associated with the upcoming cyclone and monsoon seasons from April to November which will also affect around 60 per cent of other areas in Bangladesh, having devastating impact on people’s lives, livelihoods and property. Risks of cholera or acute watery diarrhoea outbreak will remain high during the monsoon season.",4
5059,"Extreme poverty, limited livelihood opportunities, and recurrent environmental shocks contribute to food insecurity in Niger. The 2017 Global Hunger Index reports that Niger faces a serious level of hunger, with approximately 19 and 43 percent of children younger than five years of age acutely and chronically malnourished, respectively.",8
1563,"The Ministry of Public Health and Population in Yemen has released updated figures for the ongoing spread of Cholera. Since the start of the outbreak in October 2016, a total of 23,506 suspected cases of Cholera, including 108 associated deaths, have been reported across throughout the country.",4
8514,Opposition activists in Dara’a have also stated that all medical facilities in Dar’a area have now been closed due to a lack of supplies and equipment as well as the security situation. Furthermore several attacks hit Dar’a Al Balad hospital. ,4
4494,"40,000 are affected by the weather and cut off by the blizzards in the South and East of Romania and in need of some form of humanitarian assistance.People have been trapped for more than a week inside their houses leaving many with no access to food, water and medicine.",4
3337,"Since the declaration of the State of Emergency in the northern states of Nigeria (Adamawa, Borno and Yobe) in May 2013 and the first Boko Haram attacks in south-eastern Niger in February 2015, the country has been facing unprecedented humanitarian challenges. In addition to chronic food insecurity, malnutrition, epidemic and floods, Niger has had to cope with the arrival of thousands of Nigerian refugees in the Diffa region and internal displacement of people fleeing Boko Haram raids and attacks on their villages. Displacements have exacerbated the already fragile livelihoods of host communities who are among some of the poorest of the country. ",7
8240,"People’s lives and public health have also been threatened by collapsed houses and roofs, fallen trees, dead cattle, flooded latrines and cemeteries, and damaged health facilities. 70 per cent of health facilities assessed in Grand’Anse, Sud and Nippes departments sustained damage from the hurricane14. They lost equipment for emergency maternal and newborn care, stocks of vaccines and medication, including supplies against HIV. ",11
6122,"An infestation of armyworms, a pest that has hit maize fields in southern Africa, has spread across Malawi, a senior government official said on Tuesday.  'The armyworms have now spread affecting all the 28 districts (and) threatening the crop for this year ...we are prepared and we will put it under control,' Erica Maganga, principal secretary in the ministry of agriculture, told Reuters.",3
7215,"The region of Benghazi hosts 42,3001 internally displaced persons (IDPs) and 146,5001 returnees, which represent 53% of the total number of returnees in Libya. In areas north of Benghazi (downtown Benghazi, Al-Sabri, and Sooq al-Hoot), IDPs have limited access to basic services and utilities, and remain at risk in areas of return due to the presence of mines and explosive remnants of war.",1
3668,"Due to the impact on grey water and faecal matter disposal systems, families are at high risk of contamination, which would cause the propagation of waterborne diseases, the proliferation of vectors, Acute respiratory infections (ARIs)",4
5834,"The earthquake damaged 24 religious edifices, one monastery, one school, nine departmental offices and six other buildings, two bridges, one concrete road and destroyed three houses, causing losses worth of more than Ks195 million, authorities said.",6
7701,"People fleeing report that conditions inside ISIL-held areas are becoming critical. Food is increasingly scarce, and drinking water comes directly from the Euphrates River and is and untreated before use, causing illnesses. Healthcare is largely unavailable and only smuggled medicines are available at an exorbitant cost, reportedly leading to deaths among people with chronic diseases. Schools are not functioning and women must adhere to a strict dress code. Livelihood opportunities are minimal, and people are relying on savings and subsistence agriculture to survive.",11
3101,"Upcoming needs: • As people start returning to their homes, early recovery activities will become increasingly important during the course of 2018. Tools and materials for house repair and reconstruction, for clearance of fields and to re-start the agricultural cycle, will be a top priority for the majority of displaced people as they return to their villages during the course of the year.",7
5416,Health: Health risks are foreseen for possible epidemics,4
9211,"AWD: Since the beginning of 2017, 45,260 AWD cases were reported across the country. Except for Somali region, all other regions reported a decreasing AWD trend. In Somali region a three fold increase was registered starting from the second week of September. Doolo, Fafan and Sitti zones were most affected. The Doolo resurgence of the outbreak (Baliwanag, Duban and Elanle districts) came after two weeks of zero reporting, the situation, especially in Sitti is made worse, when coupled with the security situation in the area.Despite decreasing trends, a resurgence of large number of AWD cases is expected in Amhara, Oromia and Tigray if the scale of the AWD prevention and control measures are not maintained. The risks of Holy Water Sites, mass gathering of more than 100,000 people per event, agricultural schemes (with large number of seasonal workers moving between regions) and new drought-related internal movements are high. 93 per cent of total cases reported in Amhara region are from agricultural schemes sites in North Gondar zone. The remaining cases are from Holy Water Sites in Abune Hara, Andasa, Bure Baguna and Wonkshet. ? An Acute Jaundice Syndrome (AJS) since july 2017 is expanding geographically within Somali region. Elanle is the most affected district. ? Increasing risk of other types of outbreaks (measles, dengue fever,typhoid fever) due to the degradation of environmental conditions, draw-backs in routine vaccination during the peak of AWD response (only 51 per cent of HFs provide EPI in Somali region) – especially in Amhara, Oromia and Somali regions. In September, 4 districts in Oromia (Babile and Jima Spe town, East Hararge zone) and Somali (Afder and Warder) reached the measles outbreak threshhold",4
2531,"Rice, millet, sorghum, and maize are the primary staple foods in Senegal. Groundnuts are both an important source of protein and a commonly grown cash crop. Imported rice is consumed daily by the vast majority of households in Senegal particularly in Dakar and Touba urban centers. Local rice is produced and consumed in the Senegal River Valley. St. Louis is a major market for the Senegal River Valley. Millet is consumed in central regions where Kaolack is the most important regional market. Maize is produced and consumed in areas around Kaolack, Tambacounda, and the Senegal River Valley. Some maize is also imported mainly from the international market. High demand for all commodities exists in and around Touba and Dakar. They are also important centers for stocking and storage during the lean season. The harvests of grains and groundnuts begin at the end of the marketing year in October; and stocks of locally produced grains are drawn down throughout the marketing year. Senegal depends more on imports from the international market for rice than from cross border trade which mainly includes cattle from Mali and Mauritania that supply Dakar and surrounding markets.",3
2932,"Nord-Kivu: 260,000 people affected. 162,000 people in need. ",10
7318,"Loss of two consecutive seasons (2016/17 Maha and 2017 Yala) will definitely undermine household food security and resilience. Most of the agricultural holdings will accumulate debts and will experience significantly reduced yields. Therefore, household food security and nutrition status is expected to deteriorate in the coming months. ",3
9363,"UNICEF is working around the clock to help a quarter of a million Rohingya children and their families in Bangladesh. We’re providing them with clean water and sanitation and hygiene packs to prevent the spread of disease. We’re also providing life-saving treatment for almost 14,500 children suffering from severe acute malnutrition. And we’re vaccinating 150,000 children from diseases like measles and rubella. Rohingya children remain in grave danger. ",1
5901,"Plans for 1,300 homes in Israeli settlements across the occupied West Bank were advanced by the Defence Ministry committee responsible, bringing the total number of homes green-lighted this week to some 2,600. Among the 1,232 units advanced yesterday were 459 homes in Ma’ale Adumim, near Jerusalem. Plans that received final authorisation for building included projects for settlers removed from illegal outposts Migron (86 units) and Amona (102 units).",9
10224,"3.5 m people food insecure (CH, March 2017) 370,000 refugees 130,000 IDPs & 80,000 returnees ",3
2954,"The terminal was open for only 21 days in 2017, compared to 38 days in 2016 and 24 days in 2015. Of 16,795 people exiting via Rafah terminal in 2017, 1,405 were patients and 61 of these were transferred by ambulance. One medical shipment, a truckload of drugs and medical disposables purchased for the MoH in Gaza from Egypt, entered through the terminal. No medical delegates entered or exited through the terminal. Before the July 2013 closure, more than 4,000 Gaza residents crossed Rafah terminal to Egypt each month for health-related reasons.",4
3381,"ave the Children has warned of a child health crisis in Sierra Leone due to contaminated water supplies and lack of safe shelter following this week’s deadly floods and mudslide. One hundred and twenty two children are now confirmed to have lost their lives in the tragedy, according Connaught Hospital, with 810 people still missing.",4
7370,"In Tanzania, the Congolese arriving there are also doing so via Lake Tanganyika. They cross directly from South Kivu to locations in and around the city of Kigoma. Many are exhausted and unwell. The influx is placing enormous pressure on existing shelter, water and sanitation facilities, and many people have no choice but to sleep in the open. UNHCR is mobilizing relief aid including food, water and medical support for the reception areas. We are also preparing to transfer the new arrivals to the Nyarugusu refugee camp in the country’s north-west.",10
7281,"Limited access to food is reportedly compounded by a lack of nutrition services and by limited access to health care services, in addition to an absence of clean water supply. These elements tend to contribute to malnutrition.4 While there are no recent Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) rates available for Wadakona and the nutritional status of children could not be assessed, KIs reported poor health among the population and severe food consumption gaps among children. Currently, individuals requiring immediate nutrition support or intensive health care have to travel across the river to Renk to access NGO clinics. The County Commissioner reported that medical supplies are among the top humanitarian needs in Wadakona. The Primary Health Care Center (PHCC) is reportedly supplied with drugs once every two months but the facility often experiences shortages. Moreover, one ward of the PHCC has been damaged by fighting and the community reported a lack of financial resources to repair or rebuild it.",8
712,Hepetatis E:  1390 cases - including 63 pregnant women 16 deaths - including 4 pregnant women,4
11265,"projected to be in phase 3 july to september: red sea (Drought pastoralist affected area with poor animal conditions due to poor pasture and water Cultural food practices lead to low diversity besides the illiteracy Water shortages during summe), parts of south() and west kordofan (Tribal conflict affect the food access added to the soaring of food prices and the low production in the previous season)and south darfur(Although the rainfall was good but the localities face long dry spells , low production lead to early depletion of stocks at HH Conflict still expected to have impact on food access)High food prices Low production and early depletion of HH stocks Conflict affected areas",3
6932," It is estimated that 72,000 school-aged refugee children do not have access to primary schools, with approximately 40 per cent of school-aged refugees without access to education in East Darfur, South Darfur, West Kordofan, South Kordofan and Khartoum open areas. The influx of refugees has led to overcrowding in schools due to lack of qualified teachers, insufficient classrooms and learning materials.",2
10940,"undreds of Somali refugees in Kenya who were days from travelling to the US to start new lives under a longstanding resettlement programme have been told they cannot travel, after Donald Trump’s executive order banned migrants from seven Muslim-majority countries for three months. ",9
2815,Small scale breeding in Red Sea. Small second instar hopper band was reported near the Eritrean border. Adult groups copulating at a few places southwest of Abu Hamed. Small scale breeding is likely to increase on the Red Sea costal plains. Some groups could come from Eritrea. Small-scale hatching is likely in the Nile Valley.,3
11430," As a result, it is estimated that 750,000 people will require food assistance and 200,000 farmer households will need agricultural assistance, countrywide in 2017.",0
5223,"The regional economy has been severely affected as many small towns and villages inside Cameroon have been abandoned due to the military crackdown. Businesses remain closed in so-called ‘ghost towns’; big corporates with significant interests in the region are reporting reduced profits; councils are unable to realise budgeted revenue; most development projects have stopped; and government officials are unable to collect taxes and levies in many areas under a crushing state of emergency.  The wider economic impact on the trickling cross border trade has been significant. With its market of almost 170 million consumers, Nigeria is Cameroon’s largest trading partner (22% and 17.8% of imports in 2011 and 2012 respectively), with whom trade exchanges total on average FCFA382 billion (?217 billion) a year according to the Cameroonian Ministry of Commerce; not including the robust informal trade linkages on both sides of the almost 2000km border shared by both countries.",5
5874,"In the context of targeting the media institutions, on 31 August 2017, Israeli forces raided al-Hurriyah Radio Station in Hebron.  They damaged the radio station’s contents and furniture and confiscated others.  They fixed to the door a decision to close the radio for 6 months under the pretext of inciting on terrorism and later withdrew.",7
6419,"Crops and livestock of Albay farmers are severely affected by the volcano's ashfall. The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) reports that the current situation is expected to lead to farmers missing out on the upcoming harvest season of rice, corn, vegetables and abaca crops. Livestock such as carabao and cattle help in preparing farmlands and hauling farm produce, and their loss will severely affect overall incomes of farmers, reports FAO. According to the Department of Agriculture, more than 10,100 head of livestock in 42 barangays are affected by the Mayon Volcano eruption. There have been reports of farmers returning to the danger zones to tend to their farms and bring their animals to graze, risking their lives.",5
11296,"North-western Syria (Idleb, Rural Aleppo, Rural Hama) ? In Idleb, military operations resulted in increased casualties and movement of civilians to safer areas. Some people have been forced to move several times to escape fighting. With the high concentration of displaced people, the governorate may not be able to withstand the consequences of renewed fighting. ? There are currently 8 IDP sites and reception centres in north-western Syria that are supported by the UN and its partners, with additional sites being prepared. Hundreds of tents are also being provided to those in need. However, the capacity of partners to respond to the ongoing displacement is being stretched to the limits. There are particular concerns over reports of increased shortages of essential commodities such as food and medicine, and a marked increase in fuel prices. ? Airstrikes on Idleb struck the last functioning hospital in the south-eastern strip of the rebel enclave. The Syria Relief and Development (SRD)’s hospital in Hass, Idleb was completely destroyed by 5 aerial bombs. The hospital has served hundreds-of-thousands of Syrians in the area. Each month, over 6,000 patients received medical care and over 400 surgeries were performed at the hospital. ? Due to recent hostilities, 19 EPI centres (out of more than 70) in Idleb and Aleppo governorate stopped their activities (eight centres have since resumed their operations, four centres were relocated and seven centres in Maarrat-An-Numan, Sanjar, Tamanaah, Dana, Abul Thohur, Saraqeb districts are still non-functional). ? In Afrin, the ongoing military operations, the reported blockage of exits, have virtually trapped many civilians preventing them from accessing safer areas. So far, 380 families have reached surrounding villages and Aleppo city neighbourhoods while thousands of people have been displaced within Afrin. As the fighting escalates, the number of civilians affected by violence is bound to increase. ? WHO partners have suspended activities in Afrin for security reasons",4
1505,"Israeli soldiers invaded, on Thursday morning, the at-Tour neighborhood, overlooking the Old City of occupied East Jerusalem, and al-‘Eesawiyya town, in the center of the city, and demolished residential and commercial structures.The demolished commercial structures are owned by Khalil Abu Sbeitan and Rami Sayyad; the army claimed there were built without construction permits.",10
10914,"While a larger group of civilian evacuations began to take place on 11 March, protection concerns for the safe and voluntary exit of civilians remain.",9
1993,"Nearly 60,000 individuals have reportedly returned since the end of hostilities in October 2017. However, humanitarian partners continue to emphasize that given the high prevalence of landmines, booby traps and unexploded ordinance, Raqqa city is not safe for civilian returns. Deaths and injuries due to explosions have been reported with alarming frequency and trauma cases nearly doubled in recent months. More than 534 civilians have been injured in blasts since the expulsion of ISIL from the city in October 2017, of whom 112 people died. Each week, between 30 and 50 civilians continue to arrive at trauma centres in Raqqa city after being wounded by improvised explosive devices concealed in their homes and neighbourhoods.",9
2977," As a result, it is estimated that 750,000 people will require food assistance and 200,000 farmer households will need agricultural assistance, countrywide in 2017.",3
4610,"Two persons died as a result of a boat sinking on Saturday, more than two thousand hectares of corn lost and four access routes cut form the preliminary balance of flood damage following the overflow of the Limpopo River in the Chibuto district of Gaza.",6
10583,"With as little as one-quarter of expected rainfall received, widespread drought conditions in the Horn of Africa have intensified since the failure of the October-December rains, FAO said today.  FAO estimates that over 17 million people are currently in crisis and emergency food insecurity levels in member-countries of the Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD), namely Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan and Uganda, which are in need of urgent humanitarian assistance.",1
9379,"507 families being displaced in Hadibo and Qalansiyah. Communities living in Badahola have evacuated their areas as reportedly they have been surrounded by flood water. The majority of the affected population (90 per cent) are hosted in schools, with the rest staying in other government buildings.",10
8257,"The protracted crisis affected 489 schools; of those, 40 have been fully damaged and 26 are accommodating Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs), thus affecting 244,500 Libyan students (considering that the average number of children per school is 500), in addition to 160,178 refugee and migrants (considering 40 per cent of the total refugee and migrants are children below 18). The start date for schools during the 2017/2018 academic year has been delayed three times for different reasons including security issues, shortage of teachers, delays in receiving text books and the need for schools’ rehabilitation. It is estimated that a total of 300,000 children are in need of education in emergency support. The most affected population are: • 67,000 IDPs, • 79,000 returnees • 121,000 non-displaced children • 32,000 refugees and migrants",2
7917,"In Deir-ez-Zor and Madaya, food security has worsened following an increase in conflict and constrained market availability",3
4204,I am extremely concerned about possible outbreaks of water-borne diseases and the effect that water cuts will have on health facilities in the area. The need for urgent and permanent repairs to the pumping station is paramount.,11
1732,"In Sukhothai Province, the flood has caused 3 deaths and affected 17,000 families. Meanwhile in Loei Province, 2,300 people were reportedly affected by flood. Moreover, 20 houses and nearly 500 ha of farmland in Phichit were damaged by flood.",10
8226,The main reason for their children not regularly attending and/or dropping out of education services is no/lack of money to send children to school and/or pay for transportation to school (30.8%).,2
1991,"El Niño has resulted in significant food production losses of almost 90 per cent; leaving 800,000 people food insecure. Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM) rates remain high at 3.6 per cent for Cunene and Cuando Cubango, higher than the reported national average of 1 per cent (DHS, 2016). The same report indicated an acute malnutrition rate of 11 per cent and stunting prevalence rate between 20-29 per cent (DHS, 2016).",8
2061,About 200 migrants from Niger including 50 women and four children who were being held in immigration detention centers in Libya have been repatriated. ,9
10599,PUPILS attending schools in poverty stricken areas in the country now miss classes due to the shortage of zondle (food) normally delivered by government.Government hasn’t delivered zondle for the second term and what makes the situation worse is that principals have been kept in the dark about the situation. They are normally called to a meeting at the beginning of each school term. ,2
1174,"19,872 refugees continue to live in 126 communal plastic shelters in the camp. Despite continued advocacy, 30 hectares of land has still not been provided to complete the construction of all semi-permanent shelters.",10
6346,"Reduced access to water contributes directly to malnutrition, and brings with it an increased risk of acute watery diarrhoea (AWD)/cholera. More than 13,000 cases of AWD/cholera have already been reported across 12 regions in southern regions and Puntland since the start of the year. ",4
69,"Top health needs: drugs (especially malaria) and healthcare equipment. MSF runs a mobile clinic in Pathai Payam four ? mes a month but this is not sufficient to cover the healthcare needs of the assessed area. Waterborne diseases are commonplace among bomas The principal health concerns in Pathai (IDPs and host community) are malaria, diarrheal diseases and pregnancy related condi ? ons. Inhabitants of Turgay and Pabuong furthermore reported cases of acute respiratory infec ? ons.",4
2028,"“They drop the leaflets on roads and throw into people’s homes. In the leaflets, the youth are urged to join the group,” he said.",9
10371,"During summer, temperatures throughout Iraq reach over 50° C which makes displaced people living in tents and in makeshift shelter even more vulnerable. To support government response efforts, the humanitarian community is preparing seasonal assistance measures, including the distribution of extra water storage capacity, cool boxes, additional water, protection from sun, mechanical cooling as well assistance in the form of cash distribution allowing families to prioritize their needs in the most flexible way.",1
3389,"A large number of refugees, migrants and asylum-seekers in Zuwara have already endured alarming levels of violence and exploitation in Libya and during harrowing journeys from their home countries. Many are from eastern or western African countries, but some are from as far away as southern Asia. Some were malnourished on their arrival to the center as they had been held captive by smuggling networks in the area.",9
4858," South Sudan’s food insecurity has reached unprecedented levels, with some 1.7 million people—the highest ever number—on the brink of famine in June and July. Some 6 million people estimated to be severely food insecure. Earlier in the year, robust humanitarian response arrested the localized famine in Mayendit and Leer counties declared in February. However, 45,000 people are classified in catastrophe Integrated Phase Classification (IPC) Phase 5 in Leer, Koch and Mayendit counties in Unity and Ayod County in Jonglei.",3
3298,"Aid workers say the health of migrants passing through the Bani Walid area has deteriorated, including cases of malnutrition and active tuberculosis.",4
11995,"Insecurity places major limitations on provision of health services. A large proportion of the south west state population do not have access to immunization and regular outreach services due to insecurity and vaccination ban by insurgents in some districts . Despite the drop in cases of AWD, there remains a risk of resurgence as a result of the expected October rains.Health system barriers are wide-ranging and considerable. Access due to insecurity remains a challenge with several towns and districts accessible only by air. Additionally conflict driven displacement remains a challenge in accessing health services. The population of Baidoa, around 0.25 million, has been swelled by 0.175 million IDPs who are displaced across more than 200 locations in the town. Level of acute malnutrition and food insecurity remain stubbornly high in Baidoa-IDPs and the state at large. There has been a reduction in reported cases of GBV in September and following increased advocacy and outreach from protection members.",8
10727,"Parts of the Chao Phraya dam in Chai Nat province are now mostly silt, sand and exposed rocks as water continues to evaporate amid rising temperatures. As of April 22, the highest water level in the dam was measured at 15.9 meters and the lowest level was 5.65 meters, 10.69 meters lower than the embankments. Despite reduced water supply, the Irrigation Department has confirmed that the country won’t suffer water shortages this year as long as the farming sector complies with the government’s water management plan. Crop producers have been asked to postpone farming activities until May. ",11
11325,The Government’s ability to support farmers has been highly affected. Support has either decreased significantly or stopped entirely.,0
8060,"West Pokot County Deputy Governor Nicholas Atudonyang has called on the government to arrest culprits funding banditry activities and fueling animosity among residents living along the West Pokot–Elgeyo Marakwet border. He called on fellow leaders from the neighbouring community to name the culprits for the government to take action.Residents who migrated to safer places have been infected by diseases and farmers have incurred losses after retaliatory attacks last week.Nine people have been killed in a span of one month, more than 250 houses torched, property destroyed and schools deserted along the border of the two communities in the renewed attacks.Farming and other economic activities in the region have been affected after residents were displaced because of the runaway insecurity.Atudonyang asked the government to establish the root cause of the attacks in the area. “We have never witnessed a loss like this before. Residents have engaged in cattle rustling activities before but not burning houses. This is not about cattle rustling but it’s a land issue,” he said.He asked leaders from Marakwet to come out and affirm that they don’t support banditry and cattle rustling activities.He called on humanitarian organizations to help residents access food, water, drugs and shelter because children are suffering from pneumonia. “We hope the government will put up measures to stop this,” he said, “We must think of the impact of these attacks because children are suffering from Pneumonia as most families sleep outside,” he said. ",3
1429,"600,000 women, men and children living within five kilometres on both sides of the frontline are among the most vulnerable affected by the conflict in eastern Ukraine. Many lack access to adequate food, job opportunities and vital social services. The worsening socio-economic situation has doubled food insecurity, with some 1.2 million people now reported to be food insecure. I",3
1721,"In Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka, which have a combined population of about 145 million, monsoon rains were far below average last year, choking river flows, drying up storage tanks and causing crops to wither. Farmers are calling for urgent compensation, and many farm labourers risk losing their jobs.",5
11240,WHO said that 7.6 million people live in areas at high risk of cholera transmission.,4
5086,"The weekly incidence of cholera in the Democratic Republic of the Congo is continuing on a downward trend since the peak of the outbreak in week 39 of 2017. During week 12 of 2018 (week ending 25 March 2018), 497 new suspected cases with 10 deaths (case fatality rate 2%) were reported in 13 out of the country’s 26 provinces. This was the second time since week 23 of 2017 that the weekly incidence was below 500 cases. The majority (70%) of new cases reported in week 12 came from five provinces: Maidombé (84 cases), North Kivu (77 cases), Equateur (73 cases), South Kivu (58 cases) and Kongo Central (56 cases). Since the beginning of the outbreak in week 1 of 2017 as of week 12 of 2018, a total of 62 815 suspected cases with 1 357 deaths (case fatality rate 2.2%) were notified nation-wide. While the incidence of cases in endemic provinces (North Kivu, South Kivu, Haut-Lomami and Tanganyika) is decreasing, there has been a slight increase in cases reported from other provinces (Ituri, Kasaï, Kongo Central, Maniema and Tanganyika).",4
4831,"Over 1 million people are currently displaced, 60% of them in Kasaï Central.  Following recent assessments in the affected areas, the number of people affected by the conflict has doubled since the last update on 4 April 2017, with over 2.44 million people affected by the conflict.  It is estimated that over 1.2 million people require urgent humanitarian assistance, the majority of them being displaced by the conflict.",7
9659,"According to the White Helmets, at least 50 civilians have been affected by the suspected gas, although area doctors are saying at least 100 have been affected.",9
10266,"October 2017 through January 2018: Poor households will continue to sell livestock to cover shortfalls in their crop production and income from farm labor, putting more pressure on their livestock capital, already severely depleted by the repeated draw-downs in the last few years, while poor pastoral conditions continue to hold down reproductive rates. Thus, these households will remain in the Stressed (IPC Phase 2) phase of food insecurity.  ",3
6223,"“With the current functioning hospital there are two main issues. Firstly we do not get enough medicine, equipment etc from the government. They should also be helping us with funding the refurbishment of the main, central hospital too,” Dahn explained.",4
6436,"Some urban areas in central and southern Somalia continue to be impacted by trade disruption due to insurgent activities and recent conflict and military confrontation in Galckayo town. These and other urban areas are likely to face food security deterioration due to worsening  drought  conditions  and  consequent  increase  in staple  food  prices that  will  lower  food  access.  As  a  result,  Huduur  and Wajid in Bakool Region, Beletweyne and Bulo Burte in Hiran Region, Galkacyo and other urban areas in Mudug Region, Bossasso in Bari Region, and Baidoa in Bay Region have been classified as Crisis (IPC Phase 3)",9
3367,"However, in the North West, Artibonite, Nippes and La Gonave, although the impact of the hurricane was smaller, its effects coupled with three years of drought and severe flooding have led to a hike in the levels of food insecurity with one million people affected. In total, more than 1.5 million people are food insecure in those six areas following this series of shocks.    ",3
1105,"An estimated 552,000 people in Libya are currently in need of shelter assistance and essential nonfood items (NFIs). Ongoing conflict has caused significant damage to housing and infrastructure. Destruction of housing is one of the main factors leading to widespread displacement. Many people without shelter are living in damaged and/or unfinished buildings and houses, or in collective centres. These living conditions make people more vulnerable and in need of multisectoral support.",10
5662,"The Tanai area has seen heavy fighting since the 25 January 2018. There have been reports of a number of civilians killed or injured. The United Nations has not had access to independently verify these reports. Latest reports from humanitarian partners indicate that about 1,800 people have been evacuated from the area as a result of the fighting. These are mostly labourers who have been assisted to return to their places of origin. Humanitarian partners are concerned about reports of other civilians still in the conflict-affected area that have not been able to leave. There are also reports of food shortages affecting people still in the area. Local humanitarian organizations are responding to immediate humanitarian needs with existing supplies as people arrive in safe areas in Tanai Town.",9
1322," a total of 691,581 undocumented Afghans returned to Afghanistan from Pakistan (248,054) and Iran (443,527)",9
7164,"Formal entry and exit points into and out of Derna, including marine ports, were almost entirely closed. It remained possible, though difficult, for residents to enter and exit the city via informal crossing points, which involved a long and risky trip over poor roads. However, due to airstrikes in the vicinity of these informal crossing points, the number of people moving in and out of the city has reportedly decreased over the last two weeks. Those attempting to transit through any entry or exit point, formal or informal, faced risks including sniper fire, detention, verbal/physical harassment and confiscation of their documents. KIs in El-Fataih additionally reported shelling as a major safety risk.",9
8030," Several Israeli military vehicles, accompanied by a bulldozer, invaded Palestinian orchards, on Tuesday morning, and uprooted 18 olive trees, in Deir Ballout, in the West Bank governorate of Salfit.",5
1465,"Armenia-backed fighters have handed over the bodies of five Azerbaijani soldiers, two days after they were killed along the boundary with the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh region. The troops died in clashes early on Saturday in the remote Khojavend and Fizuli regions, but the separatists prevented the recovery of the bodies until Monday, Azerbaijan's defence ministry said.",9
1408,"The total number of affected families in Ishim district is to date 1,045. More than 130 houses are waterlogged and damaged and 41 houses fully destroyed. A total of 6,608 garden plots are also under water and damaged. Some of them are seasonal country houses, while some are people’s permanent residence. In addition to household items (furniture, appliances, clothing, footwear, utensils, documents, cash savings, etc.), many of the food stocks and crops have also been destroyed as people were storing them in their houses. These were the main and/or only source of food and livelihood for many of these people. Much of the local infrastructure, including 25kms of road, as well as electricity lines, gas pipe lines and the water supply system have also been damaged and the airfield of the DOSAAF Aviation Sports Club with ten aircrafts has been flooded. ",10
6198,"The camp has only one health facility. Critical medical cases are transferred to Cameroon, but there is no ambulance to transport patients. During the last one week alone, about 10 people mainly children died of what medical sources in the camp said were due to measles and diarrhea.",4
4921," Although many farmers got bumper yields in Malawi in the past farming season, to some, the attack of armyworms on their gardens is to make them food insecure.   The worms that were resistant to pesticides that farmers have been using for the past years, destroyed crops on over 2000 hectares of maize fields in Malawi. ",0
477,"Two cases of Crimean Congo Haemorrhagic Fever were reported (2 isolated cases, 1 fatal), which are now contained. Over 7,000 Malaria cases have been reported from January to February 2017, which doubled compared to same period in 2014.",4
2305,"Sudan to open humanitarian corridor for aid to South SudanOctober 5, 2017 (JUBA) - The Sudanese government has agreed to open humanitarian corridors to deliver food aid to South Sudan, the South Sudan Relief and Rehabilitation deputy commissioner said.Khartoum’s approval, the official further stated, would facilitate the transfer of about 1,000 tonnes of food aid to areas affected by lack of food, especially those adjacent to the Sudan border, stressing that opening the humanitarian corridor will reduce transport costs, and will contribute to the rapid delivery of this emergency aid.  Sudan closed its borders with South Sudan soon after the latter seceded from it following a self-determination referendum in 2011. ",6
8204,"Tuesday's amendment goes further than the previous law by providing retroactive legal cover to the arrest or detention of any suspect who is subsequently tried in a military court. It also expands the scope of who can be tried in a military court to include anyone who 'commit[s] grave and violent act[s] of terrorism against the State'. Previously the scope was limited to those who 'belong to any terrorist group or organisation misusing the name of religion or a sect'.  Pakistan's Supreme Court greenlighted the previous constitutional amendment in August 2015, deeming it to be within the purview of the parliament to amend the law, as long as the military trials were subject to 'judicial review'.  At least 33 military court convictions were appealed in civilian courts since then, although none of the verdicts has been overturned.  In a landmark judgment in August 2016, the Supreme Court dismissed a set of 16 such appeals, all alleging fundamental rights abuses, adjudicating that fundamental constitutional rights did not apply to those being tried by military tribunals.",9
5737,"Hundreds of South Darfur refugees who are currently in South Sudan’s Northern Bahr al Ghazal are facing worsening humanitarian conditions, a relief official said.Speaking to Radio Tamazuj on Tuesday, Kuel Deng, who is in charge of the humanitarian affairs department in Aweil state, said the Sudanese refugees who are mostly women and children lack food, water, medicines and shelter.Deng noted that some UN agencies provided some food in the area last month, but he said the food distributed was not sufficient to the whole population. Kuel appealed to humanitarian agencies to come to the aid of the Sudanese refugees in Northern Bahr el Ghazal.",3
9814,Funding of some NGO programmes is expiring. WFP and TRC are working with NGOs to ensure continued assistance to the vulnerable people they are helping. This is an interim measure for the transition period while the ESSN is rolled out and coping with a surge in applications.,1
2527,"Food insecurity among the affected population is increasing due to protracted displacement, disruption to markets and lower food commodity production. Livelihoods and access to basic social services have been affected by the conflict, exposing the most vulnerable people to a high risk of inadequate food consumption and forcing people into negative coping strategies such as spending savings, cutting their number of daily meals and reducing non-food related expenses, particularly in health and education.",3
2852,"As water supply from Hub Dam to the city has been slashed by more than half by the Water and Power Development Authority, various parts of the metropolis are likely to face severe water shortage, according to the Karachi Water and Sewerage Board.The crisis may deepen if the supply is not restored immediately. ",11
7017,"Heat stress due to the excessive  temperatures that occurred during early December may  have negatively affected crops  in some areas. Confirmation was received from some countries, such  as Mozambique, of the negative impact of these high  temperature events in southern Mozambique.",5
8561,"About 1.8 million children suffer acute malnutri&on annually; including 388,000 that suffer from severe acute malnutri&on and need immediate admission into therapeu&c nutri&on programs. Maternal nutri&on is of par&cular concern, with some 1.1 mln pregnant and lacta&ng women being acutely malnourished every year.",8
8927,"The shortage of heaters and fuel stoves, and the lack of kerosene to fuel them are key gaps in preparations for winter. In the camps near Mosul families were without kerosene for heating stoves for the last two months. Essential cold weather items like blankets and winter clothes, repair materials for tents and insulation are also in critically short supply. Camps in central and southern Iraq are the most hard hit by these shortages. Drainage and sanitation systems in camps are also in dire need of adapting and improving to cope with possible flooding; a common result of winter rains. The WASH Cluster is in urgent need of additional funds to upgrade systems for the winter, while at the same time responding to the increased pressure ongoing new displacements are putting on existing water and sanitation facilities in camps in northern governorates and Anbar.",7
9696,"On Sunday, 26 November 2017, heavy rainfall flooded a number of neighborhoods in Gaza City with water reaching up to one meter in neighborhoods of Al Zaytoun, Al Sheja’iya, Al Tuffah and Al Nafaq. The flooding caused damage to many homes, despite municipality-, civil defense, and ambulance crews efforts to stop the rush of water and to limit the damages. Floods have been recurring in the past few years, with lives and properties at risk. This situation is caused by years of neglect of the infrastructure, mainly due to restrictions on import of materials imposed through Israel’s closure and frequent military attacks that targeted the civilian infrastructure. Lack of building materials and the outdated equipment have hampered development of vital sectors and hindered reconstruction of infrastructure that was destroyed in the military attacks on Gaza in 2014.",10
9573,"The situation in Matam is similar to that in many parts of the Sahel region where erratic rainfall and failed crops have resulted in food insecurity and malnutrition. The situation is frequent in some of those areas, and people have been left on their own. The lean season will be longer and difficult. Most of the affected suffer silently from hunger, far away from the spotlight of the media.  “We have pockets of critical levels of food insecurity. It’s not yet a famine but it’s not far off, if urgent measures are not taken,” said Anne Leclerc, Head of the IFRC’s Sahel cluster.",3
158,"Acute watery diarrhea: In Epi Week 28, the number of acute watery diarrhea has peaked to 2,676 cases with 71% of cases occurring in children below 5 years. The overall burden of AWD is higher in Epi week 28- 2017 compared to the peak observed last year. Of the reported cases, 287 were from Ngaranam PHC in MMC, 273 from Muna Garage Camp Clinic A in Jere, 119 from State Specialist Hospital MMC, and 112 from Madinatu IDP camp Clinic Jere. No death was reported.",4
9866,"Over 283,000 people have been internally displaced from Mosul and surrounding areas since the military operations began on 17 October. The operation to retake west Mosul, which started on 19 February, has already displaced 57,000 people.An estimated 68,000 internally displaced persons (IDPs) have returned to their places of origin in and around Mosul.",9
7514,"Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas issued the Law on Electronic Crimes by executive decree in July. The authorities subsequently charged several journalists as well as a human rights defender, Issa Amro, under the law. After calls from Palestinian civil society to repeal the law, the Justice Ministry proposed revisions. Amnesty International, Avaaz, Human Rights Watch, and 7amleh welcome in their joint letter proposed amendments that seek to remove provisions that permit the imposition of prison sentences and heavy fines solely for peaceful online criticism of authorities, and urge Palestinian authorities to amend or repeal provisions that allow the authorities to conduct surveillance, force service providers to retain consumer data, and block websites without sufficient safeguards for the rights to free expression and privacy. ",9
6504,"Health needs on the ground remain important, with up to an estimated 348,000 children under age 15 in need of urgent health services. The risk of communicable disease outbreak – including cholera and measles - remains very high given the crowded living conditions and severe lack of adequate water and sanitation. In addition to the increasing rates of acute respiratory infections (ARI) and diarrhoeal diseases, the risks of vaccine-preventable diseases remain high as immunization coverage among Rohingya population is low. The upcoming winter season will likely exacerbate the risks of ARI with children being more at risk. The measles cases number reached 1,714 cases, with two fatalities recorded (as of 18 November).",4
323,"In former Unity state, young armed soldiers, reportedly affiliated to the SPLA, allegedly attacked the island of Meer, where a number of civilians, including women, children and the elderly, were reportedly killed and injured, while others, including children, drowned as they tried to escape. Instances of abductions and sexual violence against women and girls, were also reported.",9
6376,"Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh are scattered in various locations, including in two registered camps, makeshift camps, spontaneous new settlements, as well as in host communities. New arrivals are in dire need of shelter, food, health care, WASH and protection.  ",10
3697,"10,5 million people are under the Hurricane Alarm Phase  In the morning, the coastal municipalities of Villa Clara and Sancti Spíritus, the closest to the center of the hurricane, suffered 90 kilometers per hour winds and gusts up to 150 kilometers per hour, accompanied by heavy rains. Most of the coastal municipalities in these provinces are without electricity. In Sancti Spíritus, more than 100,000 people are reported evacuated with an additional 152,000 in Matanzas.Damage to electrical and transportation networks, commercial and residential roofs, and medical and tourism infrastructure as well as in agricultural areas has been reported. More than one million people were evacuated in the first seven provinces under the H",4
11711,"The Stellenbosch municipality will also introduce Level 4 water restrictions from June 1, with exemptions available on application for the town's important agricultural and nursery industries, it announced on Thursday.",11
11299,"One in five households have adopted coping mechanisms that had a negative impact on their livelihoods. This includes coping strategies classified into three severity categories: stress (26.3%), crisis (18.1%) and emergency (2.9%). The top three most adopted coping strategies were as follows: 33.7% of households spent savings (classified as stress), 18.2% borrowed money/food (classified as stress) and 12% reduced expenses on health and education (classified as crisis).",5
1646,"Retrospective investigations reveal that in Iyire Payam the index case was in the third epidemiological, no cases were reported in week 4 and 5. From week 6 to 9, there was exponential increase in the number of case that is more accentuated in week 9 (Figure 1). The cases have been declining since week 10. The decline is attributed to the active community case search and the drizzles of rain reported in the area.",4
1135,"The non-governmental Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) said commercial food imports were at an 'all-time low, driving the price of basic commodities to rise on average by a third'.",3
5612,"The Red Crescent Relief and Rescue Organisation of the Iranian Red Crescent Society reported that around 1,860 people have benefited from the relief and rescue services, and 288 people were provided with emergency sheltering following torrential rains and flooding that began on Friday.Water has been pumped out of 179 residential units and operations for the recovery of 40 trapped cars in floods have been successful in various areas. In addition, 15 people had also been transferred to safe areas, and seven were taken to medical centres to receive the needed services. Five people are still missing in the floods.",7
2055,"In early November, the cluster updated its hotspot classification for the 256,000 households identified as in need of shelter/NFI assistance (108,000 of whom are conflict-affected people), and further categorized them as follows based on agreed criteria (at cluster level and Government priorities): ? 66,000 households categorized as priority 1 in 37 districts/woredas in two regions, ? 100,000 households categorized as priority 2 in 80 districts/woredas in nine regions and, ? 90,000 households categorized as priority 3 in 128 districts/woredas in seven regions.",10
3506,"With the limited water supply, 12% of respondents reported some disputes in the community around water resources. This correlates to Female focus group discussions who reported a number of low level verbal disagreements during queuing or decision making on how water from the limited sources was to be used. In most communities water use from piped schemes is limited to household use (drinking, cooking, bathing), excluding clothes washing. Some conflict was reported due to decisions to use the limited water supply for clothes washing rather than for the intended use of drinking, cooking and bathing water.",11
474,"Typhoid fever has spread in Al-Hol camp, spreading cause was identified as use of contaminated water for washing purposes without using soaps, multi sectorial response was implemented, WHO send medicines to treat patients as well as water purification tables to do water purification at house hold level, other health actors are doing hygiene promotion campaign, WHO monitoring the situation and ready to provide all needed support. ? 2 confirmed TB cases were diagnosed in Al-Roj camp. With support of WHO, DoH provided the essential treatment and conducted an investigation visit to the camp to inspect patient’s contacts.",4
7735,"In order to address the worsening situation, and taking into account the key employment opportunities provided by the agricultural sector for rural and coastal communities, the following initiatives are recommended:  1)Urgently provide food and cash-based life-saving assistance to the most vulnerable groups, prioritising malnourished children under five and pregnant and lactating women. 2) Support recovery of livelihoods, especially for agriculture and fishing dependent communities. In particular, support backyard income generating activities and food production to complement, enrich and diversify food intake of severely food insecure and internally displaced person (IDP) households. 3) Manage the threat of locusts by continuing to support local authorities through the provision of equipment and capacity building efforts critical to containing the locust spread. Moreover, the international community needs to take swift action to prevent the food security situation from worsening in Yemen and consider lifting the restriction on food and non-food imports.",0
2958,"From 1 January to 17 March 2017, 38,000 individuals fled their homes due to conflict in Afghanistan, with 21 of 34 provinces recording forced displacement. ",9
6774,"40% of Syrian refugee children are out of school; enrolment is higher in camps than urban areas. The number of Syrian children enrolled in Turkish schools and TECs rose to almost 500,000 in 2016: Over 160,000 Syrian refugee children are enrolled in Turkish schools, with the rest in TECs. Non-Syrian refugees can enrol in Turkish schools in the cities and provinces in which they are registered.  2.2% of Syrian refugee youth are enrolled in Turkish universities vs. 20% enrolled in Syria before the war. Academic tuition costs have been waived by the Government of Turkey for Syrian students.",2
805,"However, behind the containment wall policy, abuses and violations of human rights are reported, according to the non-governmental Nicaraguan Centre for Human Rights.To illustrate, he mentioned three cases: the forced expulsion of thousands of Cubans and Africans at the end of 2015, the death by drowning of 12 African migrants in 2016, who sought to circumvent the controls through Lake Nicaragua, and the trial of a Cameroonian woman who was arrested in December 2017.",9
2680," forecasts suggest rainfall over the eastern Horn will likely be erratic and light in amounts, leading to the possibility of an erratic or delayed start of season, including in Somalia and eastern Ethiopia.",5
7337,"The Syrian regime is both reopening and intensifying fronts against the opposition, with reported Russian airstrikes over Idlib province killing more than 40 civilians in the last 24 hours while intense shelling by regime forces hit residential buildings and a market in East Ghouta, Civil Defense representatives told Syria Direct on Monday. Shelling since Sunday has killed at least one Syrian and injured more than 30 in East Ghouta, Mahmoud said.",10
4822,"Epidemics of cholera, measles and yellow fever continue to threaten the survival of children. Cholera remains a constant threat, with 25,000 reported cases in 2016.",4
5744,"Gaza 1.88 mil. total Palestinian population 71% registered refugees 911,500 Palestine refugees are dependent on UNRWA emergency food assistance 487,500 refugees living below the abject-poverty line 43.2% unemployment rate among refugees 57,481 refugee families in need of shelter repair and transitional shelter cash assistance  225,000 children suffering psychological trauma require specialized psychosocial support",10
4163,"Due to losses of subsistence crops and household food supplies from cyclone-related flooding, food prices in local markets are increasing. Moreover, food availability will continue to be difficult in some remote areas cut off by damaged roads. In mid-March 2017, prices are exceptionally high compared to December 2016 in urban cities such as Antananarivo, Mahajanga, Toamasina and Antsirabe, where prices of imported rice increased by more than 20 percent, while prices of local rice rose by 30 percent. Maize prices also increased by 30 to 55 percent. However, price stability or decline was noticed in the South due to the beginning of off-season crop harvests (pulses and maize).",5
10767,"According to the BRC’s assessment, there are currently some 5,000 people with such severe health condition and vulnerabilities, requiring continuous, live-saving support. They have mainly arrived prior to 2016 and been in Belarus ever since with their chronic needs continuing to exist and being unmet. They include single parent families, older people, families with several children, people with disabilities and expectant and nursing mothers.",4
6916,"Moreover, children, adolescents and women in both the Rohingya and host communities are exposed to high levels of violence, abuse and exploitation including sexual harassment, child labour and child marriage and are at high risk of being trafficked.  ",9
486,"About 2 million school age boys and girls (4 to 18 years) in drought-affected priority 1 woredas need emergency school feeding, school WaSH and learning supplies support (HRD). ? 204 temporary learning centers are required to enable 163,000 internally displaced (IDP) school age children pursue their education.",2
10931,"While some interlocutors told the Special Rapporteur that they had witnessed an active economic life during visits to Eritrea, with thriving markets and well-stocked shops, she heard from Eritreans in the diaspora that their relatives back home are struggling to meet their basic needs. While they confirmed the availability of food, they indicated that many households were unable to afford adequate and sufficient basic supplies, and were trying to cope with acute water shortages, especially in Asmara.",11
11432,He said they not only lacked water but were also not allowed by the ANA personnel manning the post in Khewa district to transfer construction equipment and material to their area.,10
3282,The UN announced in early July that resources devoted toward combating malnutrition were being diverted to fighting cholera.,4
1669,"According to the KWSB, there was an hour-long power failure from 4pm to 4.55pm at the Dhabeji pumping station which suspended water supplies to most parts of the city.  ",11
8851,Electricity and garbage disposal were the two most cited public services available (see Figure 30). 70 baladiyas reported the availability of electricity and 69 baladiyas reported the presence of garbage disposal services. 62 baladiyas reported having a water supply network. Sewage treatment and public infrastructure repairs however appeared to be much less prevalent with only 8 and 4 baladiyas reporting them respectively,11
5142,Partial or total interruption of water supply due to lack of operation and maintenance of Desalination systems affecting 1.4 million people,11
1480,"Dozens of Palestinian journalists organized a protest outside of the Palestinian prime minister’s office in Ramallah on Saturday, urging both the Palestinian Authority (PA) in the occupied West Bank and Hamas authorities in the Gaza Strip to immediately release all imprisoned journalists.The protest came after PA forces arrested Jihad Barakat on Thursday, a journalist who works for the Beirut-based TV channel Palestine Today, PNN reports. Jihad Barakat was detained in the northern occupied West Bank district of Tulkarem after he took photos and filmed Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah’s motorcade passing an Israeli-controlled military checkpoint. His detention has since been extended at least until Sunday next week.",9
6812,1.4 million children (0 – 6 years old) in need of polio vaccination  ,4
8973,"Ethiopia is expected to continue facing a major food security Emergency (IPC Phase 4) through at least the first quarter of 2018, with updated forecasts indicating an increased likelihood of below-average Deyr rains in southeastern Ethiopia between October and December 2017. Many poor households in these mostly pastoral areas require sustained assistance beyond currently planned and funded levels in order to prevent worse outcomes.",3
4191,icants should temporarily be placed in first-line reception centres until they get a place in a sec- ond-line receptio,0
11572,"People are returning to their homes in Mosul, Iraq after years of violence to find their houses rigged with explosive devices and their cities uninhabitable. The destruction of buildings and infrastructure means that returning families, particularly in west Mosul, end up living in partially or totally ruined homes, with almost no access to clean water, electricity or medical care. “What we see in our medical facilities are tell-tale signs of the living conditions outside,” says Myriam Berger, MSF project coordinator in west Mosul, which was the scene of a fierce battle between the so-called Islamic State group and Iraqi coalition forces earlier this year. “Until recently we were still receiving war-related injuries, but as more people begin to return home, we are seeing a stark increase in patients suffering from intestinal infections after drinking dirty water, and food poisoning due to lack of electricity and gas for refrigeration and cooking. Children especially are developing skin problems and rashes due to lack of hygiene and after playing in sewage water around burst pipes.” Unexploded ordnance and booby-traps have killed and wounded returnees. In recent days, two teenage boys from a family of five were killed as they tried to move a rocket that was rigged up to explode in their living room in west Mosul.",11
2079,"The Israeli military frequently conducts training in Palestinian communities in Tubas, the Jordan Valley of the occupied West Bank, Hebron, and several other areas.  In many incidents, Palestinian families are ordered to leave their communities during the military drills, and later return after the army is done with its live-fire  training, including the use of explosives, which are sometimes left behind, leading to casualties, including fatalities.",9
9773,The  UN and INGOs have been granted access to east Aleppo city and needs assessments are being carried  out. Preliminary findings indicate that shelter solutions and the provision of winter relief assistance are  overarching priorities.,7
7284,"Anthrax was first diagnosed in Zimbabwe in 1898 in the Matabeleland region, where the current outbreak is occurring. The largest recorded outbreak in humans (and possibly the largest among animals) occurred in 1978-1980, during which over 10,000 human cases and 182 human deaths were reported in 6 of the 8 provinces in Zimbabwe. There have been recurrent outbreaks since then, with the latest in 2016 in Lusulu where 8 cases were reported. During this outbreak, the Ministry of Health was able to promptly detect the human cases through the national surveillance system, deployed a rapid response team within 24 hours and initiated effective response measures The effective manner in which the Ministry of Health responded to this outbreak may be attributed to the experiences acquired over the past years in managing large outbreaks such as cholera but also previous anthrax outbreaks",4
7614,"Acute food insecurity has been reported in Bay/Bakool, Sool, Sanaag, and parts of Awdal regions. With reduced access to animal products such as milk and other food items due to drought induced livestock deaths and less household income, many cannot afford to buy food. Food prices have also skyrocketed and as a result it is projected that there will be increased family displacement, family separation and child protection concerns",3
2826,"From 2015 to 2016, overall IDP food insecurity has increased: only 6 percent of all IDPs  were food insecure (moderately or severely) in 2015. In addition to those already food  insecure,  62  percent of  all  the  IDP  households  are  at  risk  of  slipping  into  food  insecurity. The  developments  are  related  to  the  significant  rise  in  food  prices,  depreciation of the Libyan dinar, as well as the lack of liquidity in the Libyan banks. ",3
9450,"People in need of humanitarian assistance are identified as those people living in unsafe conditions and high risk hostile environments. These people are suffering as a result of a lack of access to basic household goods and essential commodities including food, shelter, water and sanitation, as well as the deterioration of public services and utilities. People impacted by the crisis but who have coping mechanisms, such as the financial means and other opportunities to support themselves and their families, are not identified as in need of humanitarian assistance.",1
10725,"Whatever the intentions behind creating them, “safe zones” frequently and perhaps inevitably create security problems that may be difficult or impossible to overcome. Safe zones lead large numbers of civilians, often of a particular ethnicity or religion, to congregate in a single place, making them a clear and exposed target for warring parties that may want to attack them. And any area that is off limits for attack will attract fighters, especially members of non-state armed groups, making them less safe. Safe zones by their nature are also rich sources for armed groups to grab aid and new recruits – putting civilians, including children, at additional risk. And the creation of safe zones may suggest that civilians not in safe zones somehow have fewer protections than those inside. This increases the risk of attack or denial of assistance to those outside the zone.  ",9
10207,The provincial officials in Nangarhar said the forces were deployed to Goshta and Lalpur districts in a bid to prevent the shelling.,9
7300,"t. Market functionality has been improving, with lower incidence of shortages reported due to conflict-disrupted supply lines. However, the purchasing power of the population living in conflict areas remains significantly lower than in the rest of the country",3
11416,"The U.N. refugee agency condemns the attack against its staff, which occurred late Saturday afternoon. It reports armed men looted all the goods and money on site, including personal items and passports.The UNHCR says the six U.N. workers were threatened at gunpoint, but fortunately, none were hurt. ",9
7413,"Sudanese officials deny kidnappings occur within camps. They say Eritreans put their own lives at risk by making deals with smugglers outside. But security at Shagarab camp, home to 90,000 Eritrean refugees, admitted the perimeters are unguarded and anyone can walk in.",9
5716,"Humanitarian needs in western Mosul remain high, with shortages of food and water being reported. Although some areas of western Mosul are accessible to humanitarian partners, regular water supply has been very severely impact by the conflict resulting in serious shortages of water supplies of acceptable quality.",11
834," IOM has launched a four-year, EUR 18 million project with funding from the European Commission's Directorate-General for International Cooperation and Development (DG DEVCO) to support returnees and host communities across Afghanistan.",1
10411,"The company Bananalandia, which produces bananas in Boane district, about 30 kilometres west of Maputo, has suffered a sharp fall in production, thanks to the severe restrictions in water consumption imposed by the government.",0
955,CAR refugees and returnees in Chad suffer on one meal a day ,3
11406,"In his last report (S/2018/174, paras. 31 and 32) covering the period from January to March 2018, the SG reports that 189 children were affected in instances of all six grave violations: 14 children were killed, nine were maimed, and four schools and three hospitals were attacked",9
10758,"Many displaced people, especially vulnerable and marginalized groups, both in evacuation centres and host communities, have struggled to meet their basic food needs, while others have no means of livelihood to sustainably meet daily needs. Consultations have highlighted signifi cant additional pressure host families are experiencing in providing for displaced people in their care. Those remaining in evacuation centres continue to face signifi cant challenges in terms of meeting essential food needs and establishing sustainable livelihoods",3
3556,"3413 005 IPC Phase 2 1, 727710 IPC Phase 3 681 972 IPC Phase 4 ",3
11654,"All mahallas except for Deil el-Wadi and Sheiha reportedly lacked a functional, accessible market. Accessing these central markets from outlying districts was reportedly difficult due to a lack of petrol and public transportation. Even so, KIs in several areas reported that residents relied almost exclusively on stores and markets for their food.",5
10062,"The Gender-Based Violence Management System (GBVIMS) managed by the Protection Cluster indicates that 76 per cent of recorded Gender-Based Violence (GBV) incidents were reported by IDPs. From all the reported cases, 96 per cent of GBV survivors are women and girls",9
1921,"1 in 3 Afghan Children Still Not VaccinatedAn estimated 160,000 to 200,000 children under one year of age in Afghanistan ? one in three – received zero vaccinations last year.   These gaps in routine immunization coverage not only put the lives of under-vaccinated children at risk but also everyone around them.    Insecurity in parts of the country reduces access for health workers to reach children and for families to get to health clinics, while displaced populations and those living in remote areas are also more likely to miss out on vaccines.   “Immunization is the right of every child, we must accelerate our efforts to ensure all children in the country are vaccinated and protected from preventable diseases,” said Minister for Public Health, Dr Ferozuddin Feroz. “Through immunization we can protect children from diseases, such as measles, polio and pneumonia ? a major killer of children under five years of age,” Feroz added. The remarks come as Afghanistan marks, ‘World Immunization Week’, which is celebrated annually, 24-30 April, to raise awareness about the importance of vaccination and ensure that people take action to receive all required life-saving vaccines. The theme for 2018 is: “Protected Together, #VaccinesWork”. Efforts to eradicate polio also continue in Afghanistan and most of the country remains polio-free. In 2018, there have been seven polio cases, mostly restricted to high-risk areas in the southern and eastern regions. “We are seeing improvements in routine immunization coverage and new vaccines have been introduced,” said Richard Peeperkorn, WHO representative in Afghanistan.   “But the country is still behind schedule on the targets for disease eradication and elimination, including polio, measles, rubella, and maternal and neonatal tetanus. We must make more concerted efforts to reach all Global Vaccine Action Plan goals by 2020,“ Peeperkorn added.   The Global Vaccine Action Plan was endorsed by the World Health Assembly in 2012 and is a commitment to ensure that no one misses out on vital immunization by 2020.  “We must all commit to providing every child with the lifesaving vaccines they need,” said Stefano Savi, UNICEF’s deputy representative in Afghanistan.  “This includes reaching the most vulnerable children, who are often affected by conflict or living in the most remote areas of the country. Children in Afghanistan have the right to get the best start in life, to develop and progress like any child,” Savi added.    Immunization saves millions of lives globally each year and is widely recognized as one of the world’s most successful and cost-effective health interventions. Key facts and progress: The number of health centres providing immunization services increased by 12 percent to 1,767 facilities around the country.  In 2017, some 1,250,000 children, under one year old, were vaccinated against measles, polio, whooping cough, tetanus, diphtheria, pneumonia, meningitis and tuberculosis.  In 2017, 900,000 pregnant women and children younger than five were provided with medicines for antenatal care, newborn care, pneumonia, diarrhoea and meningitis.  Ten antigens are currently included in Afghanistan’s routine immunization programme, available free of charge.  From July to September 2018, a nationwide measles immunization campaign will target 14 million children, aged 10 months to five years.",4
4041,"In the first weeks of January UNHCR carried out a monitoring mission to border Department of Vichada where authorities confirmed that Venezuelans are arriving through both the formal border crossing but also informal border crossings. Authorities reported that 13 Venezuelan children, mostly indigenous, had died due to malnutrition, while 229 under the age of five are at serious risk. In view of these and other protection challenges, UNCHR is reinforcing coordination with authorities and partners, e.g. with the Catholic Church, to enhance assistance.",8
7846,"People in the affected communities have lost their banana, pineapple, maize, cassava and bean crops, and the flooding destroyed agricultural products and affected community members’ stored food; coastal communities, whose main source of livelihoods is fishing, were also affected. The impacted families’ economic security has been affected, which will imperil their income generation in the coming months. Moreover, the affected families will need to replace the assets they lost, and they will need financial assistance to help support the with the upcoming scholastic enrollment of their children (January and February 2018). ",5
4115,"As a result of the cyclone, a number of water wells and water network in both Hadibo and Qalansiyah sustained limited damages. Loss of livestock has also been reported.",11
9257,Government has closed down three Primary Schools and all fishing camps along the Luapula River and Lake Mweru in Chiengi District of Luapula Province after cholera breakout.,4
3235,"Health officials in Niger reported nearly 2,000 suspected and confirmed cases of hepatitis E, including 38 related deaths, from late April to October 12, according to the UN. The CFR of 1.9 percent as of mid-October represents a decline compared to late April. Niger’s conflict-affected Diffa Region continues to comprise the majority of the cases—more than 70 percent. In response to the outbreak, the Government of Niger (GoN) Ministry of Health and international relief actors are coordinating disease prevention and treatment activities, such as case management, community awareness-building, and WASH interventions.",4
322,Many are staying in makeshift settlements or with those communities who are generously sharing what they have. But women and children are arriving hungry and malnourished.,3
7268,"It is also pivotal in avoiding families’ negative coping measures like child labor and early marriage, both on the increase in war-torn Yemen”, said Geert Cappelaere, UNICEF Regional Director.Families have been pushed to extreme measures just to survive, including child labour, early marriage or recruitment into the fighting to sustain their families.Umm Mohammed, a mother of four, was unable to cover her family’s most basic needs and was forced to take her younger son out of school",3
8224,"The conflict between the Myanmar Military and the Kachin Independence Army (KIA) has escalated in several areas in Kachin State since 19 January 2018, including in Sumprabum, Tanai, and Waingmaw townships. The United Nations and its humanitarian partners are concerned about the safety of civilians in these areas.",9
11196,"Hepatitis E. Ungraded. 2-Jan-17 to 13-Aug-17. 1,610 suspected cases and  441 confirmed .  The majority of cases have been reported from the Diffa (912), N’Guigmi (286) and Bosso (235) health districts. Case incidence continues to decline.",4
4593,"In the Kasai Region, UNICEF estimates that 150,0008 children between the ages of 6-11 have lost access to school as a result of violence, damage to infrastructure and displacement. On 14 September, 2017 as part of the efforts to address the immediate needs of damaged schools (404 schools have been identified so far by the Education Working Group), the National Minster of Education has authorized the use of temporary learning spaces.",2
8855,"Meningitis outbreaks are currently reported in 19 States with five States mostly affected (Zamfara, Katsina, Kebbi and Sokoto in the North-West zone and Niger in the North-Central zone of Nigeria) ? The most common serotype is Neisseria meningitidis serotype C (Nm C) ? As at 5th April 2017, a total of 3,959 cases with 438 deaths have been reported, with 181 laboratory confirmed cases. The apparent increase in number of cases is as a result of intensified case-finding going on in the affected States",4
6197,"As of 7 October, a cholera outbreak that erupted in August in the south-eastern Salamat and Sila regions had infected 519 people and claimed 63 lives. The outbreak appears to be under control in Sila region as no further cases have been reported in the past week. The disease has spread to more villages in Salamat region, infecting 58 people and killing 11. WHO, MSF and UNICEF are providing treatment, water and raising cholera awareness.",4
3005,"Ecuador was struck by two earthquakes. A 6.2 earthquake struck near Guayaquil on 17 November, causing minor damages, followed by a 5.4 earthquake on 27 November. No injuries or deaths were reported.",1
269,"More than 200 000 people have been displaced from Ar-Raqqa governorate since April 2017 and are currently living in camps scattered across 40–50 locations. Most of them are facing critical shortages of food, water, and health care. Patients requiring advanced medical treatment face challenges in reaching hospitals outside these locations due to movement restrictions and clearance procedures.“With contingency plans underway for Deir-ez-Zor response operations, during which an additional 500 000 to 600 000 people are projected to be displaced, the health system in north-east Syria is likely to reach breaking point unless we act now. To save lives, we need additional resources that will allow us to expand our response for all people in need, and make services flexible enough to provide trauma and emergency medical care as the front lines move,” added Hoff.",3
1258,"A recent spike at the beginning of 2017 saw over 4,500 refugees crossing the Eritrea-Ethiopia border and in urgent need of humanitarian assistance.As 150–200 refugees arrive daily at the Endabaguna screening centre, IOM will continue to work in close coordination with ARRA, UNHCR and partners to ensure refugees are supported with transport to safely reach the refugee camps.",7
10435,"Four Israeli settler-related incidents resulting in Palestinian injury or property damage were recorded during the reporting period. A 15-year-old Palestinian child was physically assaulted, stripped of his clothes and injured by a group of about 20 Israeli settlers, while he was playing next to his house in Burqa village, close to the evacuated settlement of Homesh (Nablus); the child was found unconscious and evacuated to a hospital.",4
4933,"Over 3 million children, out of 4.9 million in country, are estimated to be out of school.",2
10744,"Food security conditions are expected to deteriorate on expectations of significant cereal production losses for the ongoing “maha” season, which follows a reduced “yala” harvest in 2016. Subsistence farm households, particularly in the North Western, North Central, Uva and Southern provinces, will likely be most affected and require some humanitarian and emergency recovery assistance. According to the Disaster Management Centre, almost 1 million people in 23 out of 25 districts have been negatively affected by drought conditions. Record prices of rice negatively affect food access and further stress the food security situation of the most vulnerable populations.",0
9135,"A prominent local leader of the Ahmadi community and a relative of Nobel laureate Abdus Salam was brutally gunned down in Nankana Sahib on Thursday morning, police said.",9
5289,"Timor-Leste;s high baseline malnutrition rates (50.2% of children under 5 are stunted and 37.7 underweight)16 are likely to be exacerbated due to El Nino impacts on food intake. Household coping strategy questions indicate that food intake has been reduced in households already. In the worst case areas over half of all households are eating less food than normal and fewer meals. Households also note that the available food they are eating is less nutritious, is in some cases because they need to sell their vegetables for cash to buy staples such as rice. The potential follow on effect of less food being available on malnutrition nutrition is clear, particularly for pregnant /lactating women and for children. ",3
8071,"If El Niño predictions for late 2017 prove correct, Deyr rainfall in Somalia could be substantial. Most climate models gives the El Niño weather pattern a 45 percent chance of returning in 2017.",11
11139,"Health: ? Current referral mechanism takes long to respond to the medical needs. ? Shortage of ambulances specifically for intra camp transfers for which the community uses donkey carts, which is not always ideal to transport patients.   1 Religious schools   4    ? Community outreach needs to be improved in terms of presence and coverage. ? Maternal and Child mortality are thought to be linked with malnutrit ion, early age pregnancies, not following up for antenatal care. ? Poor sanitation and hygiene in the health facilit ies as well as the lack of professional attitude of health staff was also a concern ",4
5331,"“During the rainy season the epidemic may find its way to the conflict-ridden regions of the country such as Darfur, Blue Nile and the Nuba Mountains.” “The rainy season risks transforming the situation into a human tragedy of high proportion in case the epidemic finds its way to the conflict-ridden regions of the country such as Darfur, Blue Nile and the Nuba Mountains.” The population at risk is “considerable” because of poor access to clean water, food sources and optimal sanitation facilities, DRDC stressed. ",4
2132,"Following years of besiegement, extreme food shortages and limited health services, the nutritional status of the IDP population from East Ghouta particularly children under five years of age and pregnant lactating mothers is poor and requires urgent and comprehensive response. ? Cases of acute and chronic malnutrition among children were identified in shelters in rural Damascus and amongst IDPs from Idleb Inadequate quantities of Plumpy Sup to be delivered to teams that are operating in shelters. ? Registration and referrals of SAM cases with complications is experiencing some constraints. Additional support is required in all newly established shelters. ? Protection, promotion and support for infant feeding practices including exclusive breastfeeding and complementary feeding remain a challenge and needs to be prioritized and scaled up.",8
7224,"In the Dominican Republic, one province has been placed on red alert, nine provinces on yellow alert and eight provinces on green alert over flash flooding, rise in river levels and landslides. 77 communities are without communications. A total of 17 560 displaced families (approximately 88 000 people) are currently hosted by friends or family.",11
7173,"Rain-hit municipalities in Pernambuco: Across the state, 2,665 people lost their homes and are sheltered in public buildings. There are also 42,145 displaced people who had to leave their homes temporarily and are staying in with friends and relatives. Moreover, the rain has left three dead and two missing. A total 23 municipalities have been affected—14 of them have been declared disaster areas, and Caruaru declared a state of emergency and awaits the state government to recognize it.",10
10611," Somalia’s maternal mortality ratio is among the highest in the world, and the drought increases the risk for pregnant and lactating women. It is estimated that over 130,000 pregnant women need critical health assistance.63 Without access to reproductive health services, women face an increased risk of life-threatening complications. ",4
3094,"The risks to food security of the populations affected by the damage are maintained Food storage infrastructures, particularly in Municipalities of Baracoa, Imías, Maisí and San Antonio del Sur. ? In the province of Guantanamo, 70,574 hectares were affected in the agricultural sector. Permanent and temporary plantations, which is equivalent to more than 90% of the arable area of ??the province ? In the municipality of Maisí, there were affects on 4,940 hectares of coffee crops and 570 Hectares of cocoa. Coffee dropped in the fields was counted in about 86,000 cans, Added losses in pulpers and profit centers. ? In the municipality of Yateras, the Basic Unit of Cooperative Production (UBPC) Máximo Gómez, lost Much grain to be in full coffee harvest at the time of the hurricane. For that reason no Is fulfilling the plan of collection, with the consequent decrease of the income",5
7994,"Damage to the Port of Nuevitas in Camagüey Province, the second largest maritime terminal in the country that has benefitted from significant investment during the last ten years, has been reported. In particular, Hurricane Irma seriously affected roofing, warehouses, and product loaders as well as infrastructure related to the storage and distribution of fuel. Damage to facilities belonging to the wholesale collection system of farming products, as well as to storage and transportation infrastructure for inputs, food, and other key products in the most impacted provinces, is still being assessed",5
9969, Warrants will be out for the arrests of at least five soldiers allegedly involved in the death of a 22-year-old conscript suspected of being beaten at a local army prison in Surat Thani.,9
9497,"That affected area represents 24.7% of the total area of 63,499ha on which maize and sorghum are planted countrywide, according to RAB.",5
3239,But UNHCR country representative Monique Ekoko said her office is not aware of the growing resentment between the two tribes from the Great Lakes Region.,9
8328,"In Area C of the West Bank, four Palestinian-owned structures, including a shelter provided as humanitarian assistance, were demolished or confiscated on grounds of lack of Israeli-issued building permits.As a result, four people were displaced, including three children, and 61 people were otherwise affected",10
7741,"Almost half of the 12.3 million population of Somalia, 5.5 million people, are in urgent need of emergency health services. ",4
2708,"As of per Aug. 17th, 65 suspected cholera cases, incl. 13 deaths were notified. The first cases of gastro-enteritis were reported from a village named Marrena, depending of Tioro health center. This village, close by Koukou (near Goz Beida, Sila Region, Eastern Chad) is dwelling 5,000 inhabitants shared among 4 neighbourhoods. The water is supplied through 5 open wells, not well-maintained and one borehole, currently not functioning. Based on the report shared by the local authority, two young girls (14 years old) were presented to Tioro health center with diarrhea and vomiting. They both subsequently died few hours after admission from severe dehydration. Two stool samples were collected and sent to N’Djamena for bacteriological confirmation on Aug. 17th. Since this time, several partners are supporting the local authority to respond; however, the latter reported great difficulties and gaps: no hygiene and sanitation agent in the region, no regional pharmacy for regular and diligent supply, no budget to respond to epidemic, no diarrhea prevention kit or car for supervise activities. The regional platform wishes to notify partners of this potential outbreak situation in Chad in regard, as well, of the Acute Watery Diarrhea outbreaks notified in several locations in Sudan, and notably Darfur.",4
3943,"In Muchanga district, also in Sofala, the level of the Save river has continued to rise. According to the district administrator, Tome Jose, the area of farmland affected by the flood has risen to 1,461 hectares.",0
580,"The national case fatality rate (CFR) was 0.5% during the period 23–29 May 2017 compared to 0.6% during the period 30 May–5 June 2017, indicating increase in the CFR (%) during the last period.Ibb governorate reported the highest case fatality rate (2.1 %), followed by Raymeh (1.5%) and Dhamar (1.2%).",4
6137,"There are approximately 2.6 million people classified in this phase, of which 0.5 million are already in Emergency (IPC Phase 4) but do not meet the threshold of more than 20 percent of the population being in this Phase, for the areas to be classified in Phase 4. The counties classified in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) are Turkana, Marsabit, West Pokot, Samburu, Isiolo and Lamu, as well as parts of Mandera, Wajir, Garissa, Baringo, Laikipia, Kilifi and Kwale. Households in this category are marginally able to meet their minimum food needs but only by more rapidly depleting their assets and thus undermining their food consumption. In the absence of adequate cross-sectoral interventions, more areas and households in these counties are expected to fall into this phase by October 2017.",3
9427,Reports of Abuse Reports of foster family members abusing children and adolescent girls that they shelter have surfaced through the works of protection staff. Proper procedures and referral pathways need to be urgently coordinated among agencies.,9
290,"The first polio virus case of 2018 was reported in Balochistan's Dukki district on Thursday.Sources in the Balochistan health department told DawnNewsTV that a three-year-old child fell prey to the crippling virus.During 2017, three polio cases were reported in Balochistan. The cases were from Quetta and Killa Abdullah districts of the province.The Balochistan government has already imposed an emergency in the province with the objective of wiping out the crippling virus.",4
10717,"Despite seasonal staple food price increases, prices are below last year, and near or slightly above the five-year average. Most poor households are consuming recently harvested vegetables and earning incomes from agricultural labor opportunities, supporting average market purchases. Minimal (IPC Phase 1) persist throughout most of Uganda. In Karamoja, Stressed (IPC Phase 2) outcomes exist during the ongoing lean season, though the availability of vegetables and favorable firewood-to-sorghum terms of trade are improving food security for some households.  ",3
10186,"All districts that reported cases since October 2016 are considered as high risk areas for cholera. • Districts that were free of infection till 28 June 2017 (47 Districts) are considered as low risk areas for cholera • The total number of population in high risk areas (286 Districts) is 26,590,590 and the total population in low risk areas (47 districts) is 1,866,540. • Severe and some moderate cases will need hospitalization (25% of the caseload). • Length of stay at CTCs is 2 days.",4
8301,"A total of 844 cases of meningitis C, including 52 deaths have been reported in the regions of Niamey, Dosso, Tahoua and Tillabery (Southwest of Niger). These regions are bordering Nigeria, Mali and Burkina Faso. An epidemic was declared in Nigeria last week.",4
7526,"Key informants said that their income as well as the value of their productive assets (livestock) has almost halved in the period 2014-2017. For instance, the average price of a 2 year old sheep had fallen from 60,000 MNT (24.2 USD) per head in the autumn of 2014 to 35,000 MNT (14.1 USD) in the autumn of 2016. Additionally, herders were able to sell sheep skin for over 10,000-12,000 MNT (4-4.8 USD) previously, but are now struggling to sell them for 1,500 MNT (0.6 USD).  ",5
1723,"It may make landfall close to Ambohitralanana municipality (Antsiranana province) on 7 March morning as an intense Tropical Cyclone, with maximum sustained winds of 170-180 km/hour. Heavy rain, storm surge and strong winds may affect the north-eastern and central-eastern areas of the country. Current JRC estimations indicate a maximum storm surge height of 1 metre in Rantranavona (Helodrano Antongila Bay, Toamasina Province) on 7 March at 15.00 UTC.",7
10659,The number of the functioning HFs has been decreased if compared with last year (as shown in Figure 1),4
5252,"Following the evacuation, interviewees noted that the top concerns include basic needs, employment (particularly among men and boys), education for children, safety, adjustment to displacement, and need for psychosocial support. Around 45 per cent of those interviewed did not intend to travel onwards after the evacuation, while 43 per cent said they did. Intended destinations included Turkey (25 per cent), Jarablus (Aleppo Governorate), or villages where they had friends or relatives.  ",9
1650,"Since 27 April, the number of suspected cholera cases in Yemen has risen to 320,199, including 1,742 associated deaths",4
1350,"The assessment found there is severe infrastructural damage throughout Ar-Raqqa city. There were 12,668 satellite-detected damaged or destroyed structures by the end of conflict in October 2017, a sharp increase from the 1,667 total affected structures in February 2017. Approximately 25,000-27,000 households are now living in Ar-Raqqa city amidst this destruction. The areas with the highest levels of returns are the outer eastern and western neighbourhoods of Ma’amoun and Ammar Ibn Yaser (Meshlab), Al-Thawrah (Qaraba) and Tishrine/Baath (Rmelah); in contrast, the city’s central and northern areas have the highest levels of conflict-related damage and are the least populated.",10
1996,"The main June to September 2017 rainy season was above average in most areas. Kassala and parts of northern Gadaref, North Darfur, and North Kordofan may face an early start to the 2018 lean season, as below-average rainfall has led to likely below-normal crop production and poor regeneration of pasture and water resources.",3
7750,"The trend of the outbreak has decreased this week. During week 50, a total of 396 cases and 2 deaths (CFR: 0.5%) were reported, compared to 692 cases and 4 deaths (CFR: 0.6%) in week 49. Most of the suspected cases this week were reported from South Kivu province.",4
3561," This follows an order by Coast Regional Coordinator Nelson Marwa for the residents to pave way for the operation.  On Wednesday, residents of Pandanguo, Maleli, Sendemke, Chumburu, Maisha Masha, Kakathe, Jima and Poromoko were fleeing their homes, with some camping at Witu AIC Church, Witu Catholic Church, Katsaka Kairu Centre and Moa town. ",10
7690,"Given that they rely on the food rations, the 12 kg they receive is not adequate for them to eat for 30 days. They are forced to go some days without eating to. The situation is compounded by unavailability of jobs in the camps. The men approximated that the percent of households that adequately meet their household needs through their current means to be less than 10% of households. They reported that a vast of households in the camp usually go to bed on empty stomachs; they fail to afford good clothing and they fail to afford good medical care. They said that their livelihood sources are so meager that they sleep on mats; and their homes are infested with too many bed bucks. Their very survival depends solely on food rations.",3
10746,"UNHCR, the UN Refugee Agency, is concerned about growing violence in parts of south-eastern Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), which has driven more than 3,360 refugees into northern Zambia since 30 August. This is the largest influx of Congolese refugees into Zambia in the past five years. UNHCR is worried that the insecurity in the DRC may lead to further displacement. The refugees and asylum-seekers are escaping inter-ethnic clashes, as well as fighting between Congolese security forces and militia groups. Those arriving in Zambia report extreme brutality, with civilians being killed, women raped, property looted and houses set alight. They are mainly from the DRC provinces of Haut-Katanga and Tanganyika.",10
2351,"In the first two weeks of June alone, 322 severely malnourished children were admitted in the four inpatient feeding centres supported by MSF. Despite all medical efforts, 51 of these children did not survive. The total number in June has risen to 67 children.“The deaths of these 67 children show the gravity of the situation,” says van der Kam. “What we are seeing is a humanitarian emergency.”",8
7329,"Food security results were mixed among IDPs in Central Darfur: The situation worsened in the Nertiti, Hameedia and Hasahisa cluster, where 70 percent of households were food insecure in May 2017 compared to 32 percent in May 2016. The area had been impacted by displacement from Jebel Marra during this period. In the Garsila, Um Dukhon and Mukjar cluster, the proportion of food insecure households improved from 63 to 46 percent from May 2016 to May 2017. The food insecurity level among IDPs in mixed communities deteriorated by 20 percentage points. The proportion of households with poor food consumption increased compared to May 2016 for both IDP clusters and the cluster for mixed communities. The change was relatively small in the Garsila, Um Dukhon and Mukjar cluster",3
6326," As a result of heavy flooding induced by Cyclone Dineo, to date 251 people have been reported dead, over 2000 people displaced, livelihoods disrupted, and infrastructure including roads, bridges, schools, and water sources sustained heavy damages, mainly across the southern parts of Zimbabwe.",1
1211,"Before coming to Greece, Ahmad spent two months in Turkey, where he tried unsuccessfully to register for temporary protection. This, in turn, led to him being denied access to health care for serious back pain because he lacked the necessary residence documents. Many Syrian refugees in Turkey can’t find lawful employment to support their families. They also can’t access health care and other services – like education for their children – that they desperate need. Their safety is precarious.",9
10155,"More than 200 people treated for injuries at Manono hospital, Tanganyika ",4
7868,"The recent resurgence of cholera in the Juba Protection of Civilians (PoC) site and suburbs of Juba constitutes a cause for great concern, as congestion in urban areas typically leads to a high rate of transmission. This risk is exacerbated by the current lack of access to safe water in Juba and Wau towns; due to the lack of fuel, a result of the ongoing economiccrisis, the Juba urban water system is currently operating at minimal capacity while the Wau urban water system has been non-functional for nearly two months. In Juba, many water trucks are filling unsafe water directly from the river Nile. Should the cholera outbreak spread to Wau, it is estimated that as many as 35,000 people could be at risk due to the high number of internally displaced persons (IDPs) residing in overcrowded camps within the town.",11
10971,"Since late 2017, the Burmese government has cleared at least 55 villages of all structures and vegetation using heavy machinery. Most of these villages were among the 362 villages completely or partially destroyed by arson since August 25, 2017, during the security forces’ ethnic cleansing campaign against the Rohingya. However, the satellite images show that at least two of the villages demolished were previously undamaged by fire and likely inhabitable. Hundreds of buildings have been demolished in 10 other villages partially destroyed by arson.“Many of these villages were scenes of atrocities against Rohingya and should be preserved so that the experts appointed by the UN to document these abuses can properly evaluate the evidence to identify those responsible,” said Brad Adams, Asia director. “Bulldozing these areas threatens to erase both the memory and the legal claims of the Rohingya who lived there.”",10
9723,"Some have arrived with injuries caused by gunshots, fire and landmines.",9
1499,2.6 million people (27 percent of the rural population) estimated to be severely food insecure (IPC Phase 3)4,3
7517,"Heavy rainfall in central and southern Mozambique in recent weeks has caused the Save river to overflow, displacing more than 2,500 people in Inhambane and Sofala provinces, according to an International Organization for Migration (IOM) assessment. Internally displaced persons (IDPs) are reportedly unable to return to places of origin due to extensive damage to houses and other infrastructure and are currently sheltering in schools. IOM reports that priority needs include emergency relief commodities, such as blankets and plastic tarps, and safe drinking water. Since early January, flooding across the country has resulted in an estimated 40 deaths, according to local media",10
6173,"The total number of confirmed and suspected cases reported is 146 including 21 confirmed cases.  In Ngala, the number of infected pregnant women is 25 (21%), including two deaths (CFR = 8%).  3 LGAs are affected Ngala (112 cases), Mobbar (19 cases) and Monguno (14 cases).",4
2447,"An Ebola outbreak was officially declared on 8 May 2018, affecting the western province of Equateur. As of 17 May 2018, the Ministry of Health of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) has reported 45 cases. Of these, 14 cases have been positively confirmed as Ebola by laboratory testing. The epicentre of the outbreak is the remote area of Bikoro. One case has been confirmed in the capital of Equateur province, Mbandaka, which must be considered a worrying development. The city has an estimated population of around one million people and a port on the Congo river. The response to the Ebola outbreak is led by the Congolese Ministry of Health in strong collaboration with the World Health Organisation (WHO). A number of aid organisations such as Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) and UNICEF have been deploying medical staff and emergency experts, equipment and materials. An air bridge has been set-up between the DRC's capital Kinshasa, Mbandaka and Bikoro. The Red Cross is communicating with affected communities on risks, behaviour etc. Psycho-social support needs to be provided, as well as preparations for safe and dignified burials (as Ebola victims remain infectious after death).",4
1797,"The head of the Operation Linda Boni which is a multi-agency anti-terror team Joseph Kanyiri was quoted Sunday by local media noting the military was on high gear to flush out Al-Shabaab from the forest.  “”I call on locals who are still living inside or near the Boni Forest to vacate. “The bombing of Al-Shabaab hideouts in the forest will begin anytime soon or I can say it’s almost now,” Kanyiri told Nation.",9
2878,"Winter cereal crops (wheat and barley), which are expected to be harvested between May and July, are likely to be affected by the overall below-than-normal rains during crop-growing season. Such productivity levels could be compounded by scarcity and the high costs of fertilizers, fuel and irrigation. This could further exacerbate the impact on cereal availability in the country with a national wheat requirement of 3.9 million tonnes. Agriculture has a large share in the country’s economy, although the total output of the sector has shrunk since the start of the conflict six years ago.5",3
8012,"Results of nutrition surveys conducted by FSNAU indicate a high persistence of ‘Critical’ levels of acute malnutrition in many IDP settlements - an indication of a deepening humanitarian crisis. The nutrition situation is at ‘Critical’ level in nine out of 12 IDP settlements surveyed, where Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) prevalence above 15 per cent have been observed. GAM among IDPs in Baidoa has more than doubled from 13.4 per cent in December 2016 (post-Deyr) to 29.4 per cent in June 2017 (Post Gu).",8
6847,"This morning, our humanitarian colleagues report that a hospital in Kafar Zita town in Syria’s Hama Governorate was hit by an airstrike killing one staff member and largely destroying the facility.",4
4262,"eds: ? Safe drinking water and sanitation situation continue to be worrisome at household levels. As per the 3rd water quality monitoring surveillance, 81% of the water samples collected (1108) from household were found contaminated with E.coli. Promotion of hygiene and methods of purification of drinking water at “Point-of-Use” influencing socio-cultural behaviors are urgent needs. ",4
5757,"One area that has been researched extensively is why Malian citizens decide to join armed groups. And, according to the results of several field surveys, “radicalization” and immediate monetary gain barely figure as “pull” factors.Instead, what emerges is a picture in which taking up arms is often a considered response to deteriorating circumstances.“There is a multitude of factors, almost as many motives as there are members” of armed groups, explained Maïga of the ISS. Youths, aged between 18-35, “make up the largest proportion of the groups, of their fighting forces. Without youths, it’s hard to be an active, dangerous group,” he said. More than two-thirds of Mali’s 18 million inhabitants is under the age of 24.",9
2892,"Refugees surveyed expressed a number of worries. These included feeling unsafe at night given weak shelters and a lack of lighting, and concerns about general safety. Access to sanitation is still insufficient, leading sometimes to long queues for latrines. Women and girls are anxious about the shortage of private bathing spaces, forcing some to wash outside their shelters in the early morning hours. ",1
6738,"The January 2018 nutrition situation reflects a typical post-harvest seasonal improvements, with expectedly lower GAM rates that are attributed to humanitarian assistance, food stocks from harvests, improved access to nutrition and health services, reduction in morbidity and disease outbreaks during the dry season. Of the 22 SMART surveys conducted between September 2017 and January 2018, eight of them showed GAM rates above the 15% WHO emergency threshold. However, five counties in Jonglei (Ayod, Pibor, Akobo, Nyirol and Twic East), all counties in Northern Bahr el Ghazal (except Aweil Centre), Kapoeta East in Eastern Equatoria and Melut in Upper Nile state show Critical levels of Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM 15.0%-29.9%)",8
9253,"829,272 people in IPC 3 and 4 from March to May 2017. 19,374 people in IPC 4. 808,898 in IPC 3",3
8022,"This study, based on analyses of current and projected ways to mitigate drought impacts in drylands, quantifies the potential for strengthening crop- and livestock-based livelihoods, identifies promising interventions, quantifies their likely costs and benefits, and describes the policy trade-offs that will need to be addressed when drylands development strategies are devised. This study was designed to contribute to the ongoing dialogue about measures to reduce the vulnerability and enhance the resilience of populations living in drylands.  Sustainably developing drylands and nurturing resilience among the people living on them will require addressing a complex web of economic, social, political, and environmental vulnerabilities. Good adaptive responses have the potential to generate new and better opportunities for many people, cushion the losses for others, and smooth the transition for all. Implementation of these responses will require effective and visionary leadership at all levels, from households to local organizations, national governments, and a coalition of development partners.",0
3485,"Lacking food, shelter and revenues, IDPs struggle to send their children to school, as, unlike refugees, they have to pay school fees. ",3
4319,"Abakar reported that the RSF torched the villages Kiti and Dargu, and set fire to the Kuri Qoran School. The movement claimed that RSF members also set fire to houses in thirteen villages they plundered in northern Jebel Marra on Thursday and Friday.",10
10414,"A major bonus for Venezuelan school children was once free food. But state food programmes are now intermittent and when lunches do come they are often small and missing protein.The problems are felt across the country, with children often falling unwell or dizzy due to poor nutrition.",2
11073,"In Somalia, Gu (March to June) seasonal rainfall performance was below average, particularly in central Somalia, harvest prospects are very poor in southern Somalia. During June, rainfall has been seasonally light and mostly concentrated in southern Somalia. Particularly in central Somalia, regeneration of pasture and water resources as below average, and herd livestock herd sizes are expected to remain below average through at least the coming several months, following excessive sale and deaths of livestock this year.",0
5539,"An unnamed teacher was killed in similar circumstances three days earlier in nearly Kumba, about 90 miles west of the capital Yaoundé. Last week, Ashu Thomas Nkongho was shot dead and several students wounded when gunmen attacked a high school in Kosala.",9
6159,"In the Dominican Republic, one province has been placed on red alert, nine provinces on yellow alert and eight provinces on green alert over flash flooding, rise in river levels and landslides. 77 communities are without communications. A total of 17 560 displaced families (approximately 88 000 people) are currently hosted by friends or family.",7
5433,"An estimated 400,000 Rohingya children are also in need of psychosocial support, and other protection and education services.",1
6423,"Armed men on 20 February attacked a truck ferrying seven tons of food aid in Fizi region in the eastern South Kivu province. The attackers killed the driver and stole the cargo. The food was meant for 11,000 people, mostly IDPs in several localities in Fizi.",3
10294,"Since 31 Jan, heavy rains affected Lambayeque. 24,755 PIN, 60,435 affected, 1877 houses collapsed, 3,072 unlivable, 12,000 houses affected",10
9382,Almost one third of the associated deaths (31.4%) have been reported among the elderly (> 60). The 5-14 and 45-60 age groups each account for 16% of all deaths. ,4
10711,"In Tharparkar District and the surrounding areas of Sindh Province, the drought-affected cereal production and the loss of livestock for the third consecutive year have aggravated the food insecurity and caused acute malnutrition. ",8
34,"IOM collects information from migrants returning from Libya and passing through IOM transit centres in Niamey and Agadez. “Over the past few days, I have discussed these stories with several who told me horrible stories. They all confirmed the risks of been sold as slaves in squares or garages in Sabha, either by their drivers or by locals who recruit the migrants for daily jobs in town, often in construction, and later, instead of paying them, sell their victims to new buyers. Some migrants – mostly Nigerians, Ghanaians and Gambians – are forced to work for the kidnappers/slave traders as guards in the ransom houses or in the ‘market’ itself,” said an IOM Niger staffer.  During the past week, IOM Libya learned of other kidnapping cases, like those IOM Niger has knowledge of.  Adam* (not his real name) was kidnapped together with 25 other Gambians while traveling from Sabha to Tripoli. An armed Gambian man and two Arab men kidnapped the party and took them to a ‘prison’ where some 200 men and several women were being held.  According to this witness, the captives were from several African nations. Adam explained that captives were beaten each day and forced to call their families to pay for their release. It took nine months for Adam’s father to collect enough money for Adam’s release, after selling the family house.",9
1160,"An average of 240 pupils have dropped from school since the beginning of the year in Mbire district, Mashonaland Central province, chiefly because of early child marriages.  The Ministry of Women Affairs, Gender and Community Development confirmed the statistics yesterday during a workshop on gender mainstreaming in Ruwa.  Deputy director for gender in the ministry Mr Stephen Nyaruwata said the district was reporting an average of 40 child marriages a month.  He said Makuvatsine Secondary School had the highest number of school dropouts.",2
2778,"Two persons died as a result of a boat sinking on Saturday, more than two thousand hectares of corn lost and four access routes cut form the preliminary balance of flood damage following the overflow of the Limpopo River in the Chibuto district of Gaza.",0
3901,"The projected number of children who are, or who will be acutely malnourished, has increased by 50 per cent since the beginning of the year to 1.2 million, including over 232,000 who have or will suffer life-threatening severe acute malnutrition (SAM) over the next one year.2 FSNAU surveys indicates that acute malnutrition trends in Somalia remain at emergency level of global acute malnutrition (GAM) and SAM thresholds.The Nutrition Cluster projections of 1.2 million acutely malnourished are based on the projected burden for the upcoming one year, and include current prevalence based on the FSNAU post-Gu assessment, which stands at 388,000 acutely malnourished children.",8
10871,"Rwamwanja:Refugees lack adequate materials to construct and reinforce semi-permanent houses. In particular, plastic sheeting and other roofing materials are needed. Because of the lack of materials, refugees attempt to gather wood and grass from surrounding areas to reinforce their homes, which contradicts existing laws about environmental use. Refugees also reported that there are not enough persons with specific needs (PSN) shelters, especially for disabled and elderly refugees.  ",9
3791,"Officials at Hasawna Man-Made River system in Jafara expected the return of water supplies to Tripoli in Wednesday as the eastern water track, which was damaged, has been fixed and they began to fill it with water.",11
7797,"There are 47,983 IDPs currently living in seven spontaneous sites and six collective centres in and around Kalemie city in Tanganyika province. These sites were created by the displaced communities themselves, as they fled the spurge of inter-ethnic violence in their home territory in Tanganyika during 2017. As a result, these sites do not conform to Camp Coordination and Camp Management (CCCM) standards as they haven’t benefited from site planning; they are too small, too crowded and lack safe shelter and facilities.",10
1358,"Yesterday, in what may have been a related incident, at least one boat that was reportedly attempting to deliver supplies to Derna was hit outside the port by a navy craft manned by the LNA. Video footage has been published on social media showing a man firing a rocket-propelled grenade at another vessel although there is no independent confirmation that it is of the incident. There are some reports claiming that, in fact, four vessels were involved, that they came from Misrata, that two were hit and two escaped.",1
5236,"River blindness is a disease caused by infection with the parasitic worm Onchocerca volulus. Its symptoms include severe body itching, bumps under the skin eventually blindness, while leprosy is an infectious disease that causes severe, disfiguring skin sores nerve damage in the arms and legs.",4
6711,"Among Syrian refugees, hypertension is predominantly the most reported disease followed by Diabetes among household members who had a chronic disease. Inability to afford user fees (50%) is predominantly the main barrier to proper care followed by the respondent’s personal sentiment that the treatment is unnecessary (21%)",4
7990,"Five children were injured, some of them seriously, when a grenade they found at Sham El Naseem district in Nyala on Tuesday detonated. The father of one of the injured children said that one of them found the grenade and picked it up. The children began to play with it when it went off. He said the children sustained various injuries, some of them were serious, and were taken to Nyala hospital. He said the residents of the northern districts of Nyala have filed numerous complaints to the authorities to clear the neighbourhood of the unexploded ordnance (UXO) that have been scattered near their houses since an explosion at the stores of the Rapid Support Forces. He lamented that the authorities have not responded to their complaints and demands.",9
6666,"In Uganda, the epicenter of the outbreak is in Hoima district, which has seen large numbers of refugees from the Democratic Republic of Congo. So far in the northern part of the country, home to hundreds of thousands of refugees from South Sudan, no outbreaks have occurred. Nevertheless, vigilance remains high in these districts to ensure that potential outbreaks are detected and stopped early.  ",4
2451,"Four people were killed, several houses destroyed and others submerged in water following the heavy floods that hit the city Thursday, area police boss has confirmed. Speaking to reporters on Friday, October 27, the special zone commander Lazaro Mambosasa said initial reports show that four people died in the floods. 'Two people were confirmed dead yesterday but two more bodies were found today,” he said, noting that the police were still collecting more reports.“We have taken Nolasco’s body to Tumbi mortuary while we continue looking for Ally’s. We have provided shelter to the families whose houses were destroyed and marooned,” he said.  The civic leader said roads and some bridges were destroyed and needed urgent repair to make them passable.",10
2833,"Arbitrary military decree highlights precariousness of women’s rights in LibyaOn 16 February 2017, the military in eastern Libya issued Decree No. 6 of 2017 restricting Libyan women under the age of 60 from travelling abroad without a legal male guardian ‘muhram’. The decree was frozen five days later amidst ongoing calls from civil society for its removal, and ultimately replaced on 23 February with Decree No. 7 of 2017, which stipulates that no Libyan male or female between the ages of 18-45 can travel abroad without prior “security approval.”",9
3836,"1200 union of 183 upazilas under 31 districts are affected and 8746 villages affected. Total 238843 people fully and 6536509 people partially affected, 50042 households fully and 1305257 households partially affected, 71628 houses fully and 548175 houses partially damaged. Total 121 people died. 15529 hectare fully and 562594 hectare partially agricultural land inundated, 34 fully and 3134 partially educational institution damaged, 403km of road fully and 4432.38 km of road partially damaged, 268 bridge and 96 km of embankment damaged.",10
9863,"Floods in Cuba caused by Tropical Cyclone Alberto have resulted in seven dead and two persons missing. Nearly 40 000 people have been evacuated. The islands centre and western parts are reported as being most affected. Extensive material damage is also reported. The floods have caused significant damage to crops, homes and infrastructure. A rescue team from Venezuela is currently working on the island.",6
5583,"The EFSNA found that more than 63 percent of Yemen’s households have to cope with limited access to sufficient, nutritious food and eating less than the minimum required to live a healthy life – compared to 41 percent in 2014. ",3
7760,"3.7 million children in need 2.7 children needing water 277,000 children under five in need of SAM treatment 0.5 million school age children in drought affected areas ",8
2151,"Spontaneous informal settlements are scattered throughout Lebanon.  246126 people in informal settlements, 43,727 in tents adn  2398 in settlements. 5.8 average number of people per tent",10
949,"Up to 75 per cent of people living in Imatong state may have left their homes because they cannot get enough to eat, the head of the UN peacekeeping mission in South Sudan, David Shearer, has been told by community leaders in Torit. A combination of insecurity, armed robbery on state roads, a deteriorating economy and a lack of fuel has meant that subsistence farmers cannot grow the crops they need to survive, and other farmers cannot get their food to the market. The region has long been considered the food basket of South Sudan.",3
5038,"Fall Armyworm has been confirmed in Madagascar according to the Plant Protection Department in the Ministry of Agriculture. Maize fields in three communes (Ankililoaky, Milenaky and Antanimeva) are affected in the Southwestern region of Madagascar. A contingency plan to contain it and to limit its spread has been implemented.   Prices of local rice are above 2,000 Ariary in 67 percent of markets monitored by ODR, and poor households are struggling to afford it. As a result, people have started adopting food coping strategy such as to switch less preferred foods, like imported rice in southern Madagascar and in Antananarivo , or dried cassava and wild foods in rural Fianarantsoa and in the Southeast.   Labor opportunity has increased in producing areas with the ongoing rainy season. Cropped areas for maize and pulses were expanded from last year and need more agricultural labor. Rice transplantation is also ongoing and there is need for any available labor. Labor prices have remained at normal levels.   • As expected, the rainy season started on time in November throughout Madagascar. Rainfall is sufficient and regular enough to favor agriculture . Risk of flooding is high in many parts of Madagascar such as in Analamanga and Itasy regions. During the first week of December, moderate to abundant rainfall accumulations were also observed in the districts of Antsohihy, Fianarantsoa and Fort-Dauphin. ",3
707,"“How can I go back to that refugee camp? I gave out my mattress, my sheets and all my belongings to other people there. Even I sold my small shelter which was sticks and iron sheets so where will I live? Donald Trump killed me for good. He killed my dream and my future”",9
7534,"An unrecognized Beduin village in the South Hebron Hills faces likely demolition and relocation of its residents unless the Supreme Court intervenes in the case, which it heard Monday.The state says all the structures and tents in Dkeika, situated in an open area in the West Bank near the Green Line, were built illegally, and that it is not – and has never been – an actual village.Its plans call for Dkeika’s about 300 residents to be transferred two kilometers north to Hmeida, a Beduin village recognized during the 1980’s. While all the structures in Dkeika have demolition orders against them, in Hmeida people will be free to build without fear of demolition, the state says. ",10
11987,"The Ministry of Health in the besieged Gaza Strip is suffering from an acute shortage of medicines which is putting patients’ lives at risk, Qatar’s Al-Arab news site reported the UN OCHA saying.The Spokesman added: “We warn of the consequences of the deteriorating situation mainly of the cancer patients,” noting that up to 90 per cent of their medicines and medical treatment has been paralysed.",4
1214,"In addition to the challenges posed by the city’s lack of basic infrastructure, Sara said that residents are facing a bread shortage.Although the city’s local council distributes bread on a daily basis, Sara told Syria Direct that distributions are inconsistent and that allocations to her neighborhood are not enough.Ayham, the citizen journalist, said his neighborhood, known as Daraa Camp, has similar issues. Only 200 bags of bread are distributed by the local council each day, he said, not nearly enough for the area’s 380 families.   ",3
11263,"Among the 38 deaths, 7 were neonatal with a neonatal mortality rate (NNMR) of 8.1/1,000 livebirths and proportional mortality of 18%. NNMR in second quarter of 2017 is higher than both the NNMR in the first quarter of 2017 (18.5/1,000 livebirths) and Jordan’s NNMR (14.9/1,000 livebirths), but it comparable to is comparable to the NNMR in 2016 (10.0/1,000 livebirths)",4
8628,"In particular, an impending military offensive on the Red Sea port of Hodeidah could put the lives of hundreds of thousands of civilians at risk. Hodeidah is a city of 700,000 people and is the entry point for 70 percent of the aid upon which over 22 million Yemenis depend.",9
9317,"Rain continues to fall in various zones in the country, affecting numerous communities, educational centres, 132 km of road, 227 access bridges to main zones, and 22,000 hectares of agriculture. Peru’s National Meteorological and Hydrographical Service predicted that the rain in Peru’s northern coastal region will continue for the next few days.",0
2889,"Mauritania is a very wide country, the boundaries of which extend over more than 1,030,700 sq. km, bordering Mali, Algeria, Morocco, and Senegal. It has a population of only 4 million people, with an unemployment rate of 40 percent.",5
5386,"Chikungunya: From December 2016 to March 2017, Nepal confirmed approximately twelve cases",11
261,The water-stagnation has already created severe crisis of drinking water and food while the administration has shut down a good number of education institutions in those areas.,2
2947,"Adults restricting their consumption is also common, more common among female family members compared to male members.",3
3294,"At least five people were injured Monday during a grenade attack at a bus stop in the center of the capital of Burundi. A suspect was detained by police. 'Yesterday (Monday) around 20:00 (18:00 GMT), an unknown person threw a grenade into the crowd waiting at the bus stop called Permanence in Bwiza area (center). It has five wounded, one seriously, 'announced to the AFP Police Commissioner in Bujumbura, Bonfort Ndoreraho.",9
553,"According to the assessment, only 10 percent of farmers affected by the drought have produced seeds to sow for the next rice harvest, compared to more than 80 percent who are usually able to do so. Debt has spiked among the affected population too, with more than 60 percent saying they owe more than $1,200.  ",5
3230,"During the last 09 month of the year 2017, 155715 suspected dengue cases have been reported to the Epidemiology Unit from all over the island. Latest Disease Trends,Approximately 43.34% of dengue cases were reported from the Western province. The highest numbers of dengue cases were reported during the 29 week of 2017.",4
7882," Mr Kobchai said the situation has eased in 14 of the 15 provinces.  The floods are estimated to have affected 39,654 people in 17,119 households, and damaged 17,655 rai of farmland. ",0
6517,"Nov 9, 2017-A settlement in Paurai Bazar area in Chandrapur Municipality-1 in Rautahat is facing dengue epidemic like situation.  According to health official Rajesh Sah, one to three members of a family have reported high fever, severe headache, nausea and cramps in the settlement with around 300 families.",4
2669,"Following Operation Protective Edge, Israel ostensibly removed some of the sweeping restrictions on the marketing of Gaza-grown and produced goods to their once traditional markets in the West Bank and Israel. Yet Israel continues to control what, how much, when and where each kind of product can be sold. Partly as a result, the unemployment rate in 2017 was 44%, while among young people (aged 15-29) it was 61%. Prevented from seeking work outside of Gaza and with a stifled economy in the Strip, residents there find themselves in perpetual survival mode, averting a larger crisis only due to humanitarian aid and with little hope for the future.",5
9258,"A decrease of about 30% in the total number of violations recorded in February has been noted from 245 violations to 176 violations. The decrease is deceiving, as it points towards an environment of calm as the country approaches elections but beyond the numbers there is much more.February recorded a decrease in harassment and intimidation cases to 118 violations, followed by a decrease in discrimination cases recording 20 violations. The month also witnessed an incident where murder was perpetrated in Harare. Manicaland had the highest recorded violations with 34, followed by Mashonaland Central with 29, and Midlands with 28.Zanu PF was responsible for close to 46% of the violations mainly because of demanding of serial numbers, victimisation of G40 members and marginally harassing of opposition party supporters. The MDC-T was responsible for close to 28% of the violations mainly attributed to the succession disputes in the party. There was an occasional harassing of Zanu PF supporters. Both parties were responsible for hate language, which is breeding ground for conflicts at the local level.",9
9120,"The price of July contract white maize has risen to R1984, from 1,700 on March 27 when Zuma recalled Gordhan from an investor roadshow before firing him.",3
4575,"Needs for NFIs high, main needs are tarpaulin, mosquito nets, kitchen sets, blankets",7
4976, Niger continues to face critical humanitarian needs caused by the consequences of Boko Haram-related violence in the Diffa region and the high level of vulnerability of people affected by recurrent food insecurity and malnutrition crises as well as seasonal floods and epidemics. ,7
7507,The National Reconstruction Authority (NRA) has decided to start distributing government grant for house reconstruction in 17 more districts that were affected by the April-May 2015 Nepal earthquake.  A meeting of the NRA chaired by its CEO Dr Govinda Raj Pokharel took decision to this effect today.  ,10
4519,"Flooding has had an impact on 24 of Peru’s departments at the national level, particularly in the affected zones; currently, 72,115 people’s homes have been affected, 62 people have perished and 170 people have been injured.",7
11049,"Fearing the floods, dozens of Palestinian families have already left their homes in several parts of the Strip, according to Days of Palestine. Residents of flood-prone areas vacated their homes after local authorities warned that such areas were in danger of being flooded with rainwater and sewage.",11
7790,"HAUT LOMAMI: CALL FOR HELP TO FACE THE CHOLERA EPIDEMIC Nine of the province's 16 health zones are affected by the water-borne disease. The changing trend of weekly cases suggests a risk of rapid spread of the disease to unaffected areas, and the upcoming rainy season could exacerbate the situation.s. Last week, Haut Lomami reported 87 cases of cholera including 8 deaths. The area of Mulongo recorded 37% of cases, but accounted for 7 out of the 8 deaths. The majority of cases originated from fishing camps along the Kibala and Kabamba lakes. Cholera has become endemic in the province due, in large part, to poor access to water and poor hygiene practices.",4
4904,"Recent consultations conducted with children found that refugee children are concerned about child trafficking and kidnapping, particularly when they are collecting firewood from the forest or water from long distances.",9
9870,"Crisis (IPC Phase 3) is expected among South Sudanese refugees, in the absence of humanitarian assistance. Over 795,000 South Sudanese refugees are currently in Uganda and the number is expected to increase (food assistance outlook to October)",3
7859,"Since the closure of the Barza and al-Wafideen crossings on 21 March and the seizure of most of the tunnels that served to bring in essential supplies, the eastern neighbourhoods of Damascus and Ghouta have become increasingly under siege and residents are reporting severely limited access to food and basic necessities. In recent weeks, foods such as rice, sugar and potatoes have been unavailable in the market and fuel is scarce. The prices of all basic foods have soared.",3
5681,"Between weeks 1 and 34 (2017), 486 suspected Lassa fever cases with 109 laboratory confirmed cases and 60 deaths (CFR, 12.35%) from 78 LGAs (26 States) were reported compared with 816 suspected cases with 80 laboratory confirmed cases and 92 deaths (CFR, 11.28%) from 132 LGAs (28 States) during the same period in 2016 (Figure 1).",4
7466,"After three years of crisis and irrespective of governorate’s security situation, hospitals are suffering of shortage or malfunction of medical devices / equipment to provide secondary care services. In insecure governorates, medical devices are either destroyed, burned, or malfunctioned, while in safe areas the medical devices are overburdened by increased numbers of people (actual number of people in the area in addition to IDPs and patients /injured people from surrounding areas). Gaps on availability of essential and specialized equipment were observed even within functioning public hospitals [MoH & MoHE] (89/109); such as gaps on Nebulizer (66%). Many governorates are reported urgent needs for specialized medical equipment; such as MRI machines (main gaps are in Aleppo, Dar’a, Deir-ezZor, and Hama), Cardio-topography (main gaps are in Deir-ez-Zor, Homs, Al-Hasakeh, Quneitra, and Damascus), Renal dialysis machines (main gaps are in Aleppo, Dar’a, Ar-Raqqa, Deir-ez-Zor, Al-Hasakeh, Idelb, and Hama), portable CT scanners (main gaps are in Rural Damascus, Idelb, Hama, Al-Hasakeh, Deir-ezZor, Ar-Raqqa, and Dar’a), and X-Ray machines (main gaps are in Aleppo, Rural Damascus, Idelb, Lattakia, and Ar-Raqqa).",4
3205,"Shortage of safe water for populations trapped inside western Mosul remains a concern and a potential risk for outbreaks of water borne diseases such as acute watery diarrhea. As the cholera season is approaching, preparedness measures by the MOH, WHO, health and Water Sanitation and Hygiene partners have stepped up. ",4
935,"The following update was provided by the Department of Emergency Management (DEM):  The entire island was affected by power outages with the majority of cases being reported in the Parishes of St. Michael, St. Joseph, St. Lucy and Christ Church.The North of the island was severely affected by flooding, with St. Peter being hit the hardest.Minimal damage to houses was reported; one house was completely washed off its foundation, some houses were flooded and persons were relocated, and an annex to a church lost its roof.Bridges in St. Joseph and St. Andrew sustained some damage and the Transport Board’s fuel depot in Speightstown was flooded.The GAIA Inc. was closed temporarily.Government officers were officially reopened at 12:00 p.m.At approximately 11:20 p.m. the Minister of Home Affairs joined the NEOC. Following an NEOC brief, the Minister and some of the NEOC representatives conducted site visits of the areas worst affected.-The NEOC was stood down at 1300 hours.",7
970,"This situation of permanent limbo often causes the repetition of mental health issues including depression, a sense of abandonment, post-traumatic symptoms, apathy, symptoms of adjustment anxiety and, in certain cases, psychosomatic problems. For many of them, the rough living conditions are compounded by re-experiencing traumatic events suffered during the trip, such as physical violence, humiliation, forced imprisonment, and the deprivation of basic needs.",9
227,"The Tico Times Heavy rains and strong gusts of wind on Monday afternoon caused dozens of incidents including flooding, downed trees, flying roofs and power outages in three provinces, mainly in Cartago.",10
7916,"The biomass anomaly map indicates serious deficits in Mauritania, Senegal and Chad. These areas are likely to have forage deficits and harsh conditions for pastoralists seeking pasture and water for their herds. Poor availability of biomass and water indicates a strong possibility of an early, prolonged and difficult 2018 lean season in these areas. Herds are likely to begin their transhumance early in search of pasture and water, which may exacerbate tensions between agricultural and pastoral communities. Herds will likely be dependant on animal feed for a longer period than normal during the coming dry season. As a result, feed may be less available or more expensive.",0
7618,At least 546 people died and the lives of 2.2 million people were affected. ,4
4568,"27,188 suspected cholera cases in 2016, including 747 deaths compared to 19,182 cases in 2015",4
2467,"A big drop in soya bean plantings in Zimbabwe could lead to a shortage of cooking oil and stock feeds on the domestic market this year. Nationally, the industry is expected to meet a national need of 200 000 tonnes this season but farmers have dumped the crop due to lack of financing.",3
5167,"Refugees surveyed expressed a number of worries. These included feeling unsafe at night given weak shelters and a lack of lighting, and concerns about general safety. Access to sanitation is still insufficient, leading sometimes to long queues for latrines. Women and girls are anxious about the shortage of private bathing spaces, forcing some to wash outside their shelters in the early morning hours. ",9
6390,"Four health districts (Niamey 2, Niamey 3, Ouallam and Tillabéry) have reached the alert threshold for meningitis with more than 5 cases per 100,000 inhabitants per week. In total, health authorities have registered 511 suspected cases and 34 deaths between 2 January and 12 March. The meningitis epidemiological season runs from December to June.",4
6191,"? 36 presumed unaccompanied minors (UAMs) were identified during this week, which is an above average number of UAMs reported this week, the average number of presumed UAMs identified since July 2015 being 34. These UAMs were referred to the relevant authority for follow up; 10 of these presumed unaccompanied minors were officially deported into Haitian territory",9
6634,"DjiboutiAt risk: 227,463  Djibouti is one of the world’s most arid countries. Some 227,463 people are threatened with food insecurity in the hardest-hit areas of Ali Sabieh, Obock and Dikhil.  ",3
1640,"nother case of Congo virus surfaced with the confirmation of virus to an eight-year-old girl here on Tuesday. According to details, the Kirani Road resident was brought to Fatima Jinnah hospital in serious condition on June 29. According to the head of Contagious Diseases Department of the Hospital Dr Naseer Ahmad the blood of the girl sent to Karachi for test confirmed that she is affected by Congo virus. Two other suspected Congo virus patients are also being admitted in the hospital the blood samples of whom have also be sent to Karachi for the relevant test, he informed.–INPDr. Naseer disclosed that 35 suspected Congo virus patients have been brought to the hospital so far this year of whom 10 were confirmed with the virus. Six of the patients have died of whom two were confirmed to be affected with the virus, he added.",4
4758,"However, some day laborers in the charcoal, rubber, and mining industries will be unable to afford some essential non-food items, including transportation and fuel, because of the depreciation in the Liberian Dollar. This depreciation has reduced purchasing power for some poor households and Stressed (IPC Phase 2) acute food security outcomes are expected in these areas through May.",5
885,"The village of Marena (where the majority of cases have occurred), is a remote village of 5 000 inhabitants. Erratic rains and droughts have hampered food production, with high rates of moderate and severe acute malnutrition reported. Heavy downpours cause frequent flooding, limiting road access to the region, and greatly increasing the risk of outbreaks of malaria and waterborne diseases such as cholera. These risks are exacerbated by the poor access to drinking water, which is 35% in the Sila region",8
3904,Increasing number of cases involving killing of journalists has turned Afghanistan into one of the most dangerous  countries for journalists. ,9
1094,"Anemia prevalence (Hb<11 g/dl) was between 25-40 per cent across the Western Region refugee settlements. Anemia was higher in the West Nile Region settlements with nearly five out of every ten children in Bidibidi (56.6 per cent) and Lobule (53.0 per cent) being anemic, exceeding the WHO threshold of 40 per cent. Among non-pregnant women of reproductive age, anemia was highest in Palabek (47.3 per cent) and lowest in Arua (24.5 per cent) in the West Nile settlements. The highest anemia prevalence from the Western Region settlements was in Kaka 11 (38.8 per cent) and the lowest in Oruchinga (27.0 per cent). ",4
2536,"Hodeidah also has some of the worst malnutrition rates in the country, with an estimated one in four children under the age of 5 suffering from acute malnutrition. Save the Children has previously warned of the deadly link between hunger and cholera, with malnourished children at least three times more likely to die from diarrhoeal diseases.",4
11274,"While the number of female detainees is less than male, women are unlawfully deprived of their liberty often because of family affiliations or for prisoner exchanges, and are held in facilities without female guards, exposing them to the risk of sexual abuse. OHCHR/UNSMIL documented cases of torture and ill-treatment of women, including beatings, flogging, hair pulling, insults and threats of a sexual nature at the Mitiga detention facility under the SDF, the Central Security/Abu Salim and other places of detention nominally under the control of the Ministry of Interior. In some facilities, women detainees are forced to strip and are subjected to invasive cavity searches by male guards or under the gaze of male officials.",4
9982,"According to the humanitarian groups, in 2016 alone, 256 education-related violations were documented in the West Bank, affecting nearly 30,000 students. In occupied East Jerusalem, meanwhile, there is a shortage of about 2,000 classrooms in the municipal public education system, with only 339 new classrooms currently planned. In the Gaza Strip, children attend massively overcrowded schools, as well as being “forced to study in darkened classrooms and sometimes do their homework by candlelight due to the unprecedented deterioration in the energy crisis”.",2
1496,"“We want to thank UNMISS because people here in Bor Hospital are overwhelmed and there are not many medicines available, so we do appreciate their hands to help those who are in pain and those who are wounded very badly, said the State’s Information Minister, Jacob Akech Deng.  ",4
2802,"The conflict continues in Marawi city, with displaced communities hoping that fighting will end soon so they can return home. Many are anxious about the condition of the home they left behind, with local reports showing extensive damage to properties and infrastructure in the business district.",10
4931,The Libya and Egyptian authorities have imposed fresh restrictions on travellers at the Musaid-Sollum border crossing. The move particularly affects Libyans between 15 and 50 years of age who until now had been able to cross the border simply by applying for permission through the local Libyan authorities. They will now require a visa. The restriction is expected to last for at least until just after the anniversary of the 17 February Revolution. It is hoped by then new border crossing regulations will have been drawn up to enable the post to again operate normally.,6
7382,"In Kenya, reflecting the impact of the reduced “short-rains” harvest, prices of maize in January were 20-30 percent higher than 12 months earlier. In drought-affected coastal counties, sharper year-on-year increases were recorded and prices of maize were up to 40 percent higher on a yearly basis as of January 2017. In eastern and northern pastoral areas, where drought conditions prevailed, prices of livestock declined significantly in recent months and in January 2017 were up to 30 percent below their year-earlier levels.",5
7403,"According to the report, February’s killings have included eight cases of prisoners’ death in custody and others in violent acts during the security raids to arrest regime opponents, and in terrorist attacks in the troubled Sinai Peninsula.",9
2705,"The central high plains and southeastern Madagascar experienced severe dryness and drought in January and early February. In the south, however, although the rainy season was approximately 5 – 7 weeks late overall levels of precipitation were near average during the month of January.Despite the near average rain and the expected near average harvests of maize and pulses, areas in the south that were affected by drought in the past 3 years will face Stressed (IPC Phase 2) through the remainder of the lean season. ",5
2127,"IFRC’s head of country office Ariel Kestens says, “Too often, former refugees come back from Iran, Pakistan and other countries but cannot settle in their places of origin so they join the ranks of the more than 1.5 million internally displaced. These returnees have critical assistance and protection needs and need support to access housing, health services, decent work and often with day to day items to re-build their lives",1
10709," A rapid multi-agency assessment team was deployed and will remain on the ground till 7 August. Meanwhile, the Health Cluster has sent a second team to support response efforts. Requested support includes, CTCs, ORS, Ringers and medicines and other material as well as financial support. The existing four CTCs donated by UNICEF are not sufficient to respond to the outbreak. In 2016, some 3,339 AWD cases had been reported in 49 of the 52 woredas in the region and some 16 CTCs and over 224 ORPs were established. ",4
917,"At least 8.5 million people are in need of food assistance, up from the 5.6 million people identified at the beginning of the yearTo alert donors of 2018 humanitarian needs and funding requirements, and pending results from the November/December meher/deyr /hagaya needs assessment, the cluster projected that between 5 to 7 million3 people may be in need of emergency food assistance in 2018, based on analysis of years with similar rainfall patterns and factoring transitory needs of chronically vulnerable people whose situation has been made acute by repeated shocks. An additional 588,000 people in 10 districts/woredas of Somali region will continued to be assisted through an HRD-PSNP integrated cash pilot, during the first half of 2018",3
6498,"Since September 2016, 1,607 suspected cases of Hepatitis E (134 in June) have been reported in the 3 health districts of Salamat, of which 221 cases were tested, 106 confirmed positive (positive rate of 47.9%), and 16 deaths reported (1 in June). The number of suspected cases has increased in June.",4
5728,"Heavy rainfalls at the beginning of December have caused floods in central and southern part of the Republic of Albania. These are the most severe rainfalls Albania has ever recorded. The response of the institutions has been vital to prevent loss of human lives. On the other hand, based on initial assessments, the material damage has been extensive.More than 15.000 ha have been flooded and the current assessment indicate the following damages: 4,715 buildings, 41 business, 127 road sections, 177 schools, 78 bridges, 30water supply stations, 11 dams, 26 electrical stations, 29 dikes and one water pumping station.",7
10486,"Growing tension between the local Turkish and Syrian refugee communities is also an obstacle – a problem likely to be exacerbated by increasing calls by Turkish politicians for Syrians to return home. Many Syrian parents say Turkish classmates and teachers discriminate against their children.For some refugee families, financial barriers are more difficult to overcome than either language or culture. ",2
10066,"Following the recent rains, pasture regeneration is expected in some parts of the belg growing areas, allowing the recovery of livestock body condition. The belg growing areas are highlighted in red in Figure 4; the green shaded areas have received a normal to above normal amount of rainfall. However, in most places (the areas highlighted in yellow), rains have been inadequate. In most of these areas, expectations are also that rainfall will not improve this season. Coupled with the previous below-average rainy seasons, pastures are expected to exhaust around mid-2018. Therefore, provision of feed for core breeding livestock, animal health services and destocking of unproductive livestock is required. According to the March-May meteorological forecast, the gu rains in the Somali region are expected to underperform, which will negatively affect the recovery of pasture and improvement of livestock body conditions. As a result, the current ‘lean season’ in south eastern parts of the country is expected to extend to May even though there are signs that the current La Niña is weakening. During the March-May period, replenishment of ground water sources is expected to bring some respite to communities in Afar region during the sugum rains. However, the gu rains are expected to be poor. This will likely lead to limited pasture and livestock recovery in areas that have been depending on water trucking. Given the spring rain forecast, areas along the south eastern border (eastern part of Fafan, north eastern part of Jarar, Doolo, southern Korahay and Shabeele) and parts of Nogob are expected to require continued emergency water trucking interventions",3
7679,"Food security conditions are expected to deteriorate on expectations of significant cereal production losses for the ongoing “maha” season, which follows a reduced “yala” harvest in 2016. Subsistence farm households, particularly in the North Western, North Central, Uva and Southern provinces, will likely be most affected and require some humanitarian and emergency recovery assistance. According to the Disaster Management Centre, almost 1 million people in 23 out of 25 districts have been negatively affected by drought conditions. Record prices of rice negatively affect food access and further stress the food security situation of the most vulnerable populations.",0
3517,"On the southern short of Lake Turkana, famed for the harsh beauty of its landscape, residents are burning carcasses to stop the bodies from infecting water supplies if the rains come. ",4
3646,"Maternal and ARVT services were disrupted, so increase in SRH-related morbility and mortality might be expected. In the affected area about 14,000 women are expecting to give birth in next three months while approximately 2,100 of them may face risk of obstetric complications requiring emergency obstetric care. It is also estimated that 9-15% of all newborns may require lifesaving emergency care.",4
4504,3.4 million People in Kenya Experiencing Acute Food Insecurity (GoK – July 2017),3
1897,"? As of November 5, SMoH officials had not reported a cholera-related death in Borno since October 11. The number of new suspected cholera cases significantly decreased from October 30–November 5, with fewer than 50 cases reported compared to nearly 200 cases recorded per week from October 16–22 and October 23–29. Despite the reduced caseload, the overall case fatality rate of 1.1 percent continues to exceed the WHO emergency threshold of 1 percent. Since the outbreak began in mid-August, SMoH authorities reported more than 5,300 suspected and confirmed cases, including 61 related deaths, as of November 5. Health and WASH actors continue to provide emergency relief services in affected areas through three cholera treatment centers and four oral rehydration centers.",4
3297,"In Saint Kitts and Nevis, the agricultural sector and health care centers are damaged. Coastal areas, main roads and jetties on both islands are affected.",0
8653,"Since 25 August 2017, Cox’s Bazar district of Bangladesh has experienced a large influx of Rohingya refugees fleeing violence that erupted in Rakhine State in Myanmar. As of November 2017, four in five of the new arrivals are fully dependent on external assistance, while 19 percent can at least partially meet their own needs. The situation is only slightly better among the refugees who arrived prior to August 2017.",1
4238,"21   deaths and 37 injuries related to ERWs, UXOs, IEDs, and landmines reported in Aleppo city in March  ",9
7395,"Over the past weeks, the situation is becoming calmer in the main affected provinces: Kasai, Kasai Central, Kasai Oriental, Lomami and Sankuru. A respite in violence has seen 271 000 people return. Since April 2016, 1.4 million of IDPs recorded, including 850,000 and 33,132 in Lunda Norte (Angola). 42% of households experiencing food insecurity, and over 400,000 children are at risk of SAM.",8
7952,"CAR refugees in Gbadolite and Mobayi-Mbongo:While this may not be an emergency in terms of mortality and child malnutrition levels, our fixed and mobile teams have observed prevalent severe diseases, with malaria, diarrhoea and respiratory tract infections being the most common, a usual pattern in displacement crises. Our teams see very vulnerable people who deserve attention in a context in which the already limited health system and basic services have become clearly overstretched, consequently affecting the host community as well. The lack of visibility and knowledge of this vulnerable population undermines the capacity to address their needs.”",4
1995,"Dam levels across Tamil Nadu have plunged to 4-6% of capacity, except for a few in the western districts. In the southern parts, farmers have not even sown their crops. In the northern and Cauvery delta districts, thousands of acres of crops have dried up. While the state government is assessing the damage and crop losses, farmers associations say that 50 lakh acres in the Cauvery basin alone have been destroyed.",0
4158,"The post-Jilaal 2017 FSNAU survey indicates that the prevalence of global acute malnutrition in the livelihood zones of Bay, Bakool, Sool, Sanaag, Bari, Nugaal, as well as in the Baidoa and Mogadishu internally displaced persons (IDP) camps, is critical (15-30 per cent).",8
9810,"? More than three decades of war, sustained flows of returnees, civil unrest, insurgent activity and recurring natural disasters have contributed to chronic humanitarian need in Afghanistan. As of early June, nearly 117,000 people are internally displaced due to conflict, more than 326,200 undocumented Afghans have returned from Iran and Pakistan, and approximately 10,000 people have migrated due to drought in 2018, according to the UN. ? Widespread conflict, poor rain-fed staple production and limited labor opportunities are the main drivers of acute food insecurity in Afghanistan, according to Famine Early Warning Systems Network (FEWS NET). According to the UN World Food Program (WFP), an estimated 9.3 million people are food insecure, including 3.4 million severely food insecure; approximately 41 percent of children under 5 years of age are stunted and 10 percent are acutely malnourished. As of May, approximately two-thirds of the country—20 provinces—are affected by severe rain deficit and experienced limited snowfall during the winter season, according to the UN. ? Drought undermines food security and livelihood opportunities in Afghanistan, threatening farmers’ and herders’ agricultural production by damaging crops and limiting access to fodder and grazing areas. Small livestock raisers are especially at risk of food insecurity, as their flocks decrease due to disease and death, particularly when drought conditions are most severe following the harvest season in August – September, the UN reports. Many poor families, undocumented returnees and internally displaced people—whose livelihoods have been affected by conflict and drought conditions—are likely to continue facing Crisis (IPC 3) levels of acute food insecurity during the coming months, according to FEWS NET. Additionally, conflict and poor labor opportunities will continue to drive high assistance needs.",3
987,"The number of cholera cases in Yemen has leapt, a World Health Organization document showed on Tuesday, with 35,217 suspected cases since April 27, when the outbreak began to spread rapidly.   That represents a 50 percent increase in the reported incidence compared with figures given last Friday by the WHO representative in the country, Nevio Zagaria, who said at that point there had been 23,425 cases since April 27.",4
957,"He has asked for help from the government, but “The Agriculture Ministry is just a name, nothing else.” Mahmoud’s apple trees were planted in 1986, but soon after the family had to flee the area. Smaquli valley was a Peshmerga hold out against the former Baath regime. Civilians fled in a mass exodus. When his family returned after 1991, Mahmoud said the orchard was overgrown with bushes that had to be cleared. The Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) is trying to give a boost to local products by imposing tariffs on imported fruit. “But the main problem is that domestic products’ volume is high,” Omer of the Agriculture Ministry noted, adding it is hard to find markets for them all. Amid rising difficulties to sell Kurdish fruits and vegetables to central and southern Iraq, Omer’s ministry is trying to find a way through which they can export internationally. Agriculture used to be a primary industry in the Kurdistan Region, where an estimated 67 percent of the population farmed. That has declined over the past 20 years. The KRG is trying to reverse that trend and would like to see the agriculture sector’s share of the GDP rise to over 30 percent from its current 10 percent.",0
10353,"Communities in WD, in comparison to ND and SD, has more access to the community based healthcare as shown in table 7 below. As instance, 16% only of children in North Darfur communities has access to home?based treatment for common childhood illness (improved since Dec?09 (14%)), while such service is available in 96% of WD communities and 71% of SD communities. Higher mobilization efforts for communicable diseases control, took place in WD (85%) and SD (89%) communities, while 37% is in ND community. In South Darfur 16% of the communities has access to community based maternal & newborn health care (improved since Dec?09 (5%)), while 83% of the communities in WD and 19% of ND communities have access to service.",4
8053,"Members of the National Intelligence and Security Service (NISS) arrested three members of the Sudanese Congress Party who organised cholera epidemic awareness campaigns in El Haj Yousif on Wednesday evening. They have been taken to an unknown destination. As the Sudanese government has still not officially acknowledged the epidemic, reporting on the disease has been outlawed by security authorities.“The arrests are a clear violation of the constitution of the country, a violation of human rights and an attempt to cover up the outbreak of cholera. We're concerned about their whereabouts and safety.”In April, security authorities arrested journalist Ammar El Daw, the El Gedaref correspondent of El Sayha newspaper, who published an article relating to cholera.",9
9699,"The nutrition situation deteriorated in 2017, with 13.9 per cent of children under 5 years suffering from global acute malnutrition, up from 11.9 per cent in 2016; and 3.9 per cent of children under 5 suffering from severe acute malnutrition (SAM), up from 2.6 per cent in 2016. Increased rates of diarrhoea and SAM are linked to food insecurity, poor hygiene practices and limited sanitation facilities.",8
10586,"During the course of the last decade, population rates began to decrease in 691 Mexican municipalities, 28 percent of the country's total. Although the municipalities affected are scattered all across the country, most of them are found in three major regions located in the areas most affected by the conflict between different criminal organizations: first, the northwest and west controlled by the Sinaloa Cartel; secondly, the northeast, controlled by the Zetas; and third, the southeast, in the states dominated by the Familia Michoacana and the Knights Templar.",9
8840,"In Kenya, families adopted negative coping mechanisms— including increased child labour and early marriage— in response to the impacts of the drought, and sexual and domestic violence increased. Women walking long distances to collect water or firewood were at heightened risk of sexual violence.28 In addition, gender-based violence and killings were reported during the 2017 Kenya elections process.",9
6682,"Insects commonly known as whiteflies have ravaged more than 50,000 hectares of crop in Kailo, Kasongo, Kibombo and Pangi areas in the eastern Maniema province. Around 60 per cent of farmers have been affected by the destruction. Food scarcity could worsen in Kailo and Kibombo areas where residents are facing “emergency” levels of food insecurity.Moderate acute malnutrition in Kailo is already over 17 per cent.",3
7638,"From March to May 2017: 22,209 people in IPC Phase 3. 228 052 people in IPC Phase 2. ",3
6985,"Socotra:The inter-cluster assessment team that visited Qalansya District confirmed the critical need for WASH, food, non-food items and health interventions. Needs, however, stem from pre-existing vulnerabilities as no major impact resulted from the cyclone, except for limited damage to infrastructure.",3
1762,"In anticipation of potential unrest linked to the end of President Kabilas second term on 19 December 2016, there were large deployments of security forces in several cities. Clashes between the security forces and demonstrators resulted in at least 40 deaths in Kinshasa and Lubumbashi.",9
4075,Key water filtration and pumping stations – including those with potentially dangerous liquefied chlorine – as well as a reservoir were hit by shelling and small arms in November though with comparatively minor damages compared to preceding months.  The onset of strong winter-like weather conditions affecting the eastern part of the country are exacerbating already weak health systems as many conflict-damaged medical points remain unrepaired or are housed in temporary locations ranging from former administration buildings to classrooms in active schools.   ,4
5404,Malaria • 9 confirmed malaria case-patient were reported in week 21. The number of confirmed malaria case-patients in 2018 is 61.,4
4164,"67 percent of children  under five are anaemic. In children under the age of five,  rates of severe acute malnutrition stood at 2.6 percent;  global acute malnutrition at 8.2 percent; stunting at 21.2  percent; and underweight at 12.3 percent.  ",8
11170,"Livelihoods ? Refugees do not have any income generation opportunities inside or outside the camp and mostly are dependent on food ration. Even if small opportunit ies exist, the selection of beneficiaries is not fair. ? There is lack of market to sell goods. Restricted movement to import and export goods further makes it difficult for refugees to engage in business or trade. ? Cash provision for starting work is very low and all the refugees do not have means to start businesses or work. ? Refugees have very less opportunities for cultivation and farming as they do not have access to land. Few refugees are involved in agriculture and it takes up to six months to come on terms with the host community. ? Participation of Refugees in livestock production is very limited.",5
7238,"Host communities – among the poorest in Bangladesh and now the minority in the region – have experienced dramatic inflation, a highly competitive labour market with drastically lower wages, loss of the natural resource base and severe challenges in accessing sufficient food, with 57 percent of the population food insecure. Approximately 30–35 percent of the population in Cox’s Bazar are severely food insecure, with 38 percent of children underweight.The food security situation for refugees in makeshift settlements is highly vulnerable, with up to 90 percent of new arrivals eating just one meal a day. Chronically food-insecure households are affected by high dependency on inadequately diversified diets and a lack of access to cooking fuel.",3
5199,"On 31 January, authorities in Kirkuk evicted 25 Syrian refugee families from Barudkhana and new Azadi neighbourhoods in Kirkuk to Sulaymaniyah. The families had been living in in Kirkuk for at least three years. In mid-January, authorities in Kirkuk conducted targeted searches of neighbourhoods that host significant refugee populations, mostly in the northeast of the city, requesting them to show documents proving their legal status issued by the Iraqi residency department. The families who were not able to do so, for example as their residency had been issued by authorities in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq (KR-I), were issued with eviction notifications by a joint body of Iraqi intelligence, local police, and the residency department. Some refugees also had documents confiscated.",9
3323,"The number of children in need of urgent care and protection continues to grow. The deterioration of the social and economic situation in Burundi has negatively impacted households ‘capacity to care for their children pushing many into the streets in search for work and food. This adds to an estimated 400,000 school age children reportedly out of schools and around 50,000 children from internally displaced and returnees. All of them are at greater protection risks, including violence, exploitation and recruitment by armed groups.",9
7078,"As 2016 drew to a close, South India’s combined reservoir levels were 22 percentage points less than the average water availability over the past 10 years. The situation has serious implications for crops like paddy and coconut and will impact milk and sugar production, especially in Karnataka.",5
2405,"220 refugee farmers were registered, whom will benefit from four new irrigation schemes. The process was conducted jointly between UNHCR, ARRA and REST. Registration of 220 host community farmers has been initiated and will be led by the Woredas through the respective Kebele administration. ? 305 business plans and loan applications have been submitted to REST from Bokolmanyo, Melkadida and Hilaweyn camps. These applications were submitted by groups who are interested to start businesses.",5
478,"A number of separate incidents of Avalanches and landslides were recorded during last 24 hours in different parts of District Chitral. The first incident took place at Rech valley near Booni on the night between 17th and 18th February, 2017. The incident resulted in 01 death and injuries to 03 others. This was followed by another incident of landslide on the North portal of Lawri Tunnel trapping 14 personnel of SAMBU Company’s workshop. District Administration Chitral, Chitral Scouts, Pak Army and SAMBU Company mounted rescue and relief operations, rescuing 7 of the 14 alive while 7 others (3 from Darosh and 4 from Punjab) unfortunately lost their lives. 5 of the injured personnel were shifted to Mastuj Hospital and while the remaining two to Peshawar.",10
457,"Humanitarian assistance needs are expected to remain high due to continued needs among IDPs and resident households in South Kordofan and Blue Nile, IDPs in Jebel Marra, refugees from South Sudan, households in localized areas that saw poor harvests in 2016, as well as well as long-term IDPs",3
3594,"An impressive outbreak has started in North Kivu province, affecting mainly Goma, Karisimbi, Nyirango and Binza. Based on this specific situation, the regional cholera platform has looked for additional information and found out that, 1,464 cumulated cases incl. 12 deaths were reported in a 4- week time (between W24 and W28) in the sole North Kivu Province.",4
9543,"These families have all migrated from five villages south and north of Wajid, including Gaarsaleey, Buur-badle, Goobato, El-garas and Madayto. He said the district authority had allocated a piece of land for them to put up shelters. However, there was no provision of food, water and health care for them. ",4
5921,"More than 100 Maasai huts in Tanzania have been allegedly burned down by game reserve authorities near the Serengeti National Park. Hundreds of people have reportedly been left homeless by the evacuation of local pastoral communities. One young Maasai is said to have been shot and critically injured. It is part of a longstanding border dispute between local Maasai people and authorities who operate exclusive hunting experiences for tourists.The chairman of Ololosokwani village, Kerry Dukunyi, has told the BBC that villagers have lost property in the latest incident. 'A large percentage of our food has been destroyed. We've lost a lot of food,' he said. 'A lot of our livestock are also missing.'",10
8818,"Three years of intense violence have devastated health facilities in Iraq. Over 60 health facilities have repeatedly come under attack since the escalation of violence in 2014, severely disrupting access to basic health services for children and families.  ",4
11647,"WASH ? Old Filled up latrines are hazard as some have collapsed, others are overused. ? Lack of privacy due to broken doors, missing doors and holes in the roofs. In some camps, latrines are also used as shower rooms. Size of the latrines is small to allow for bathing. ? Lack of accessible latrines for elderly, sick and the persons with disabilit ies. Similarly very small children can also not use the latrines. ? Solid waste management is an issue due to less number of half barrels for collect ing rubbish in the camps.",11
5492,"Almost all villages in in Central Equatoria that have been accessed by UNMISS or humanitarians have been burned by the SPLA forces, according to the population that has fl ed from the area. As mentioned above, in Central Equatoria evidence of over 18,000 structures have been burned with ongoing reports of killings and rape as thousands of Equatorian people continue to fl ee to Uganda with no end in sight.",10
4887,"UNRWA Inaugurates Eligibility and Registration Office in Karak and Health Centre in MadabaThe United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) celebrated Thursday the inauguration of an eligibility and registration office in Manshiyet Abu Hammour in Karak governorate, and the inauguration of a health centre in Madaba. The inauguration of these two centers is part of the Agency’s continuous effort to facilitate access to services to Palestine refugees living relatively remote areas in Jordan.  'UNRWA seeks to provide relief and social services and meet the basic health needs of Palestine refugees living in camps and beyond. Despite its limited resources, the Agency is determined to provide services to those in need, build better quality and efficiency by means of evidence-based decisions,” said the Director of UNRWA Operations in Jordan,  Roger Davis, on occasion of the inauguration s of the two centers.  The Registration and Entitlement Office in Manshiyet Abu Hammour will serve some 12,000 Palestinian refugees living in Karak governorate who previously had to access the Agency’s services either in Aqaba or in Amman. The necessary office space was provided by the Manshiyet Abu Hammour Sports Club, highlighting the fundamental role of the local community.",4
4028,"The higher prices are a consequence of shortages, inflation and the declining value of the dinar. The World Bank reported late last year that inflation had produced a substantial loss in purchasing power.  “Lack of funds to pay due subsidies to importers and distributers of basic food since October 2015 translated into a de facto removal of subsidies to food,” said the bank. “ As a consequence, shortages in the supply of food emerged and the black markets prospered, which led prices of food to increase by 31 percent in the first half of 2016”",3
5143,"In pastoral areas: Since as early as July, regular dry season grazing areas can no longer support livestock, and this has resulted in atypical migration and conflicts over forage and water between other livestock herders and farming communities in Marsabit (Illeret) and portions of Isiolo. Livestock return trekking distances from grazing fields to watering points range from 14 – 24 kilometers compared to a normal of 11 – 16 as forage and water resources dwindle further, driven by high temperatures and concentrated livestock populations.",5
9148,"Since early August, above-average seasonal rainfall caused flooding in some areas. With well above-average moisture conditions, additional rain in September may trigger flooding in parts of Senegal, The Gambia, Guinea-Bissau, Guinea, and Sierra Leone",11
1803,"Winter brings additional hardship to the population, as temperatures can plummet to -10oC in December and -20oC in January. Most live in poorly insulated homes and a smaller number in collective centers, and are unable to cover the rising utility costs. In some villages, gas pipes have been damaged by shelling and, as a result, coal and firewood represent the sole means of heating homes. UNHCR staff report that people are often forced to make a choice between buying food and medicines, or fuel to heat their dwellings. The situation is particularly critical in the non-government controlled areas, where 40 per cent of the households are in need of heating fuel and nearly 90 per cent are in need of winter clothes and insulation.",10
8254,"Chronic malnutrition is escalating in rural areas within indigenous populations, affecting up to eight in ten (80%) of children under five",8
6189,"Approximately 407,000 people in southern and southeastern Madagascar faced severe food insecurity as of December 2017. However, an early January FAO report projects that as many as 1.6 million people could experience Crisis or Emergency—IPC 4—levels of acute food insecurity by June. ",3
6716,"Community members identified that children (81%) and women (74%) are the most likely to be affected by the impacts of a long dry season. This was followed by elderly (50%), widows (36%), and people living with disabilities (35%). In response to why these groups would be affected the responses were: WomanWomen: because they undertake lots of jobs such as collecting water from long distances, household cook for family and due to being pregnant or breastfeeding. Children: because they are involved in the collecting water from long distances. Children can more easily get sick (stomach) because doing more activity and with limited food consumption. There is a risk they drop out school. Elderly and people living with disability: because members of the household are taking more time to undertake key activities they have less care/attention to give elderly of disabled family members. Men & Women: because sometimes they skip for meals to give priority for the children to eat. Widows: because some of them live alone and with increased difficulty in water and food collection are less able to meet their own needs. Men overwhelmingly identified children as the priority group (80%), while women took a more holistic view with both women (95%) and children (83%) as top priorities. This was reflected in the FGDs. Men were specifically concerned about how lack of food for children would affect their school performance and attendance. Women highlighted pregnant and lactating women as at particular risk due to limited foods. ",3
1437,"VIET NAM  Thunderstorm and strong wind damaged 91 houses and hectares of agriculture areas in Tuong Duong and Quy Hop districts, Nghe An Province.",0
1745,"30-31 Jan heavy rains, 2545 PIN, 94,000 affected, 18,900 houses affected",10
2270,"Schools in Hela Province remain closed. In Southern Highlands Province, according to the Bishop of Catholic Diocese in Mendi, all schools in Mendi are running but there is currently limited information on whether schools are open outside of Mendi. There are ongoing assessments assessing the structural damage to schools in the affected areas. ",2
10768,"However, the military refuses the vast majority of Palestinian building requests, and has zoned only 1 percent of Area C for Palestinian building, even as construction proceeds with few constraints in nearby Jewish settlements.",10
7023,"Heavy rainfalls at the beginning of December have caused floods in central and southern part of the Republic of Albania. These are the most severe rainfalls Albania has ever recorded. The response of the institutions has been vital to prevent loss of human lives. On the other hand, based on initial assessments, the material damage has been extensive.More than 15.000 ha have been flooded and the current assessment indicate the following damages: 4,715 buildings, 41 business, 127 road sections, 177 schools, 78 bridges, 30water supply stations, 11 dams, 26 electrical stations, 29 dikes and one water pumping station.",11
3584,"Refugees in Tanzania are hosted in three camps (Nyarugusu, Mtendeli and Nduta), all of which are overcrowded and there is an inadequate number of schools, a shortage of water, and health and nutrition facilities are overstretched. Malaria is the leading cause of morbidity, accounting for 30 per cent of all Out-Patient Department (OPD) attendances.",8
1835,"In the most dramatic cases, the opposition governor of Tachira state said three people, including a four-month-old, died this week because they failed to receive assistance during a power outage.“Because of electrical failures, the machines weren’t able to revive the people and they died,” said Laidy Gomez.Reuters was unable to confirm the report.",7
9414,"According to locals, some 2,800 people have taken shelter at 19 protection centers in Rangamati after landslides hit over 30 parts of the district. People at the centres are being forced to collect drinking water from sources located far away from them, as water provided by the district administration is falling short of meeting their demand.",11
1060,"According to incident report (as of 12 May 2018) by Site Management Sector in Cox’s Bazar, 27 incidents have been reported as a result of current rains. A total of 1 551 households have been affected including 7 112 individuals. WHO and health sector partners continue to put in place mechanisms to respond to health needs those likely to be affected.",4
2070,"UNHCR is particularly worried about the situation of elderly people, pregnant women and others with specific needs. There is only one water source in Kanzawi village, forcing people to drink from the river. Most of the refugees are sleeping in the open, others in public buildings.",11
2611,"Malaria: In Epi Week 28, 3,863 cases of confirmed malaria cases were reported; representing 16.7% of reported morbidities. 282 were from EYN (CAN center) IDP camp clinic in MMC; 258 from Gwange PHC in MMC; 198 from 400 Housing Estate Gubio Rd IDP camp clinic A in Konduga; 194 from Farm center IDP camp clinic in Jere; 184 from Gamboru PHC in MMC; 170 from General Hospital in Biu; and 128 from Dikwa MCH in Dikwa. Four deaths were reported, one from Njinand Health Post in Chibok, and three from Biu; Gur dispensary (1), and Gunda dispensary (2) respectively.",4
6950,"About half of the 1.5 million people displaced in Kasai since last year have returned home, the United Nations said last week, with 3.9 million people still displaced throughout the country.Many of the returnees had fled armed attacks with nothing but the clothes they were wearing and were forced to hide in the forest for months, aid workers said.Although the immediate danger has waned, the risks of starvation, disease and homelessness remain rife.Malnutrition rates are soaring because people in hiding had to scavenge and go without food, said Gabriel Sanchez, operational manager for medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF).They also missed the harvest season and lost most of their farming tools, he said. While some have left to seek work in cities, others are staying behind to rebuild.'All the normal sources of revenue have been completely upended,' Sanchez said, adding that half of the health centres in the area have been looted or wrecked.Up to 250,000 children are at risk of starving in Kasai in the next few months unless they receive urgent aid, the U.N. World Food Programme said this week.",1
6848,"Among the 2.2 million displaced Yemenis, 75 per cent identified food as their top priority. ",3
5284,"Vigilante groups in Nigeria, Cameroon, Niger and Chad play a major role in the fight against Boko Haram, but their presence raises concerns. They make military operations less blunt and more effective and have reconnected these states somewhat with many of their local communities, but they have also committed abuses and become involved in the war economy. In Nigeria in particular, vigilantism did much to turn an anti-state insurgency into a bloodier civil war, pitting Boko Haram against communities and leading to drastic increases in violence. As the conflict continues to evolve, so will vigilantes. They are enmeshed with high politics, especially in Nigeria, and in local intercommunal relations, business operations and chiefdoms. Their belief that they should be rewarded will need to be addressed, and it is also important for the Lake Chad basin states to address the common gap in community policing, particularly in rural areas. To ensure vigilantes are not a future source of insecurity, these states will each need to devise their own mix of slowly disbanding and formalising and regulating them. ",9
3424,"“There’s been very strong progress in the outbreak response, particularly in relation to two of the initial three sites: Mbandaka and Bikoro,” he said.“We’re cautiously optimistic but there’s a lot of very tough work to do in phase two before we say that we’re on the top of this outbreak,” said Dr. Salama.  “And we’ve learned the hard way in the past never to underestimate Ebola.” The focus now is on rural isolated communities in the Iboko health zone which will present logistical and other challenges.",4
6893,"The 2017 integrated urban and rural vulnerability assessment results, released in June 2017, estimated that a total of 306,942 people would face food insecurity from September 2017 to March 2018 (224,664 rural and 82,278 urban). The report also indicated that, while acute food security needs are reducing due to improved harvest from 24,727 to 238,361 metric tons of cereal production, there has been an increase in chronic malnutrition (36 per cent).",3
2263,"The rate of stunting in under-fives in Bangladesh has fallen to 36 percent from 45 percent in 2000, official figures show, partly due to a growing economy which has helped lift some 20 million people out of poverty over the last two decades.  But more than 5.5 million Bangladeshi children under the age of five are still affected by the condition. A 2016 survey by UNICEF and the Bangladeshi government shows the poorest children are disproportionately affected with 40 percent of children in slums who are stunted, compared with the overall urban average of 26 percent. UNICEF's Narayan said progress was hampered by the government's focus on development through infrastructure.  ",8
3961,"Protection in protracted displacement remains a need, despite lower visibility and attention compared to emergencies. Communities which have been displaced for several years fall easily outside the humanitarian radar screen, in Sudan, as in the rest of the world. However, IDPs in protracted displacement continue to have limited access to service, including social protection services. Social Affairs Ministries in States do not have sufficient capacity to reach out to vulnerable IDPs, in particular in remote rural areas. In return areas, such as Um Dukhun (CD) or Um Barru (ND), social services are also weak and community structures not adequately focused on the protection of vulnerable members, with risk of insufficient attention to needs of women and girls in particular.",9
3264,"Unstable Security Situation in Shan State: The  security situation in the northern region of northern  Shan State remained unstable due to sporadic fighting  between the military and ethnic armed groups. The  conflicts resulted in WFP being unable to deliver food  assistance to affected people in Kokang during  December, while access to the townships of Muse, Nam  Kham, Kut Khai, Nam Tu and Man Tone was limited. In  order to ensure delivery to people in need, food  assistance was replaced with cash assistance in Muse,  Nam Kham and Kut Khai. WFP continues to follow up  with the Ministry of Border Affairs about the situation  and stands by to resume food and cash distributions in  affected areas when the security situation is once again  stabile.   ",3
9390,"Planting of the 2018 winter grain crops will start in October. Remote-sensed information indicates favourable conditions for the start of the season. Nevertheless, farmers continue to report that security concerns prevented them from purchasing seeds, particularly for crops, such as vegetables, whose seeds are not normally saved from the previous harvest. Increases in fuel prices also limited farmers’ ability to carry out mechanized operations",9
8174,"The Dollo Somali region of Ethiopia borders Somalia and Kenya. Due to its proximity to the Somali border, it has received refugees who fled Somalia due to war related persecution during 2009 and 2010 while refugees due to drought related reasons crossed into Ethiopia during 2012 and 2013. The state of Ethiopia is signatory to the 1951 UN convention. The state department ARRA and UNHCR Sub Office in Melkadida undertakes joint registration of refugees in the Dollo region. There are five camps in the region namely Melkadida, Buramino, Hilaweyn, Kobe and Bokolmayo, as shown in the Fig 1.   Fig. 1   The combined registered population of all the camps is 210,930 individuals (98,248 M and 112,682 F) comprising 39,123 households. The main areas of origin for these refugees include Gedo, Bay and Bakol. Majority of the refugees are Muslims of Sunni denomination.   ARRA, UNHCR and partners are providing basic needs and services to the refugees living in camps since their onset. In order to plan for different sectoral interventions and also use consultative approach for prioritization of interventions, ARRA, UNHCR and partners undertake annual   8    consultations through PA. These discussions provide qualitative information such as issues concerning refugees, their perspectives and suggestions. In 2016, PA was conducted with the support of 17 organizations. In order to complement the findings of the PA, the quantitative data from different assessments such as education assessment2, HIS3 (Health Information System) and other sources such as registration data by UNHCR, return intention survey data were also used for the purposes of analysis in this report.  ",3
702,"he displaced people are living in shelters made of straw that are built very closely together because of lack of space. This, coupled with inadequate site management, has meant that fires have broken out and have spread rapidly. There have been fires on at least five sites in the past month, including at Moni, Lukwangulo, Kabubili, Kateke, and Katanyika. “The recent fire in Katanyika could have been catastrophic if it had happened at night. It’s a wonder that only a few people were slightly hurt when nearly three quarters of the camp went up in flames in less than an hour,” continues Reynier de Montlaux. Next week, MSF is planning to distribute some basic relief items to 4,630 Katanyika households that lost everything. However, similar fires will continue to occur as long as nothing is done to improve living conditions.",10
415,"Sirte’s main hospital, the Ibn Sina, is to reopen next week  following extensive repairs to damage caused by the fighting last year as the so-called Islamic State (IS) was ousted from the town.",4
4151,"The country is currently facing a major malaria outbreak with over 8 million cases in 2016 and almost 2 million to date in 2017, out of a population of less than 11 million persons. On 13 March, the Ministry of Health (MoH) officially declared the malaria outbreak. According to the MoH, the number of malaria cases reported during the first 10 weeks of 2017 is 1 960 620, including 869 deaths. Health districts in Northern, Center and Eastern regions are the most affected with the highest incidences reported in Kirundo, Muyinga, Karusi and Cankuzo provinces, followed by Ngozi, Kayanza, Gitega, Rutana and Ruyigi. An outbreak response plan has been approved by MoH. It foresees the following main interventions: 1) strengthening the routine diagnostic and treatment of malaria in health centers 2) mass treatment 3) vector control with MIILDA distribution and Indoor Residual Spraying in targeted zones 4) communication behaviour changes activities and 5) strengthening surveillance.",4
8952,The drought ongoing since the beginning of 2016 is seriously affecting 18 districts of the country with shortages of drinking water and impact on agricultural activities. The rice harvest is less than half the normal production. Water levels are at approximately 20% in the main reservoir.,0
8716,"Between January and September 2017, a total of 1,886,310 people were affected by the coastal El Niño phenomenon in 25 regions of Peru, with around 29% of victims from Piura and another 25% from La Libertad. Lambayeque and Ancash are also among the most affected regions. Based on figures from the National Civil Defence Institute (INDECI) for the period from June 15 to present, 614,749 children and adolescents have been affected or seriously affected by the emergency, including 66,775 children under the age of two. INDECI also reports that, to date, 65,028 dwellings have collapsed or are uninhabitable, 377,372 dwellings have been damaged, 150 schools have collapsed or are uninhabitable, a further 3,520 schools are affected, 70 health centres have collapsed or are uninhabitable, and a further 1,161 health facilities have been affected.The Government of Peru, through the Formalization of Informal Property Ownership Agency (COFOPRI), has assessed the extent of the damage and identified that more than 38,800 dwellings are uninhabitable and / or collapsed in 12 regions affected by the coastal El Niño phenomenon in 2017. Of the total number of dwellings that are uninhabitable and / or collapsed, 35% are in Lambayeque and 33% are in Piura. Other regions affected to a lesser extent include La Libertad (10%), Lima (6%) and Ancash (5%).",10
1479," 236,700 people have been provided with access to safe water and 63,390 people with access to sanitation facilities. ? 60,659 refugee children aged 4-14 are enrolled in 576 learning centres and more than 7,000 children in host communities have also been supported with learning materials. ? 2017 appeal is 93 per cent funded while needs for Rohingya response in 2018 stand at $144.6 million. ",2
11285,"In December, food and water shortages were also reported among IDPs in Idleb and Hama governorates, and returnees in Ar-Raqqa city. Civilians in Ar-Raqqa city continue to face very difficult humanitarian and protection conditions, particularly because of explosive hazards. Between 20 October and 13 December, 209 civilians were reportedly killed and hundreds of others injured by explosive hazards in Ar-Raqqa city. Markets are only partially functional in the city, mainly due to blocked supply routes.",9
6130,"Azerbaijan on Thursday, April 27, asked a court to block the websites of a US-funded broadcaster and several news outlets critical of the country's authoritarian government.  The Washington-backed Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty's Azerbaijani branch, Radio Azadlyg, as well as internet-based Azerbaijan Saati TV, Turan TV, and Meidan TV 'pose a threat to the legitimate interests of the state and society,' the ministry of transport and communications said in its statement in court.",9
7170,"w ? As of 12th March 2018, a total of 246 suspected dengue cases have been reported in Sanma and Shefa Province.",4
7208,"Similarly, the Azra district chief, Hamidullah Hamid, also said Daesh activities had lately increased in the district.",9
10520,"She added that if 50,000 civilians flee in a single day, the current system would not work properly. The UN and its partners have already started to set up large warehouse size structures which will house the families as they await “the dignified support they deserve,” said Ms. Grande.",1
9944,"To date approximately 3,000 students from Rural and urban areas of Segovia are Out of school. Since the beginning of unemployment and for 18 days, about 12,000 students were unable to access the Schools for being exposed to violent acts by incursions into schools, furniture and fixtures. Since 8 August at least 9,000 students have returned to school, however, Concern about the limited access to food in their homes Existing shortage, in addition to not currently having the service of the Food Program School (PAE) in the two municipalities",2
7559,"The normal start of rains in livelihood zones 8 and 3 and the provinces of Maniema, that had experienced late and poor rains during agricultural season A, which resulted in below- average harvests, allowed households in these zones to begin agricultural season B with the exception of some pockets of conflict in the southeast where households are displaced.",5
4065,"Thousands more people are fleeing Mosul every day since Iraqi troops began their push into the last Islamic State-held areas of the city last week, with food and water running out and the fighting killing increasing numbers of civilians.  More than 22,000 people have fled Mosul since the U.S.-backed forces opened a new front in the northwest of the city on May 4 to try to finally dislodge the militants, the United Nations said on Wednesday, citing Iraqi government figures.",5
8775,"The Dollo Somali region of Ethiopia borders Somalia and Kenya. Due to its proximity to the Somali border, it has received refugees who fled Somalia due to war related persecution during 2009 and 2010 while refugees due to drought related reasons crossed into Ethiopia during 2012 and 2013. The state of Ethiopia is signatory to the 1951 UN convention. The state department ARRA and UNHCR Sub Office in Melkadida undertakes joint registration of refugees in the Dollo region. There are five camps in the region namely Melkadida, Buramino, Hilaweyn, Kobe and Bokolmayo, as shown in the Fig 1.   Fig. 1   The combined registered population of all the camps is 210,930 individuals (98,248 M and 112,682 F) comprising 39,123 households. The main areas of origin for these refugees include Gedo, Bay and Bakol. Majority of the refugees are Muslims of Sunni denomination.   ARRA, UNHCR and partners are providing basic needs and services to the refugees living in camps since their onset. In order to plan for different sectoral interventions and also use consultative approach for prioritization of interventions, ARRA, UNHCR and partners undertake annual   8    consultations through PA. These discussions provide qualitative information such as issues concerning refugees, their perspectives and suggestions. In 2016, PA was conducted with the support of 17 organizations. In order to complement the findings of the PA, the quantitative data from different assessments such as education assessment2, HIS3 (Health Information System) and other sources such as registration data by UNHCR, return intention survey data were also used for the purposes of analysis in this report.  ",5
5179,"Summary of needs The physical safety and psycho-social wellbeing of 2.5 million of girls and boys in northeast Nigeria remains greatly compromised due to the protracted exposure to extensive protection threats and brutal violence. Family separation, heightened abuses, severe psychosocial distress, sexual violence and other grave child rights violations are among the major concerns requiring immediate intervention. The crisis has not only affected children. While attending to the needs of children and adolescents is imperative for the Child Protection sub-sector, caregiver support must also be taken into account to achieve longlasting benefits in terms of child safety and positive development. Multiple displacement, loss of property and livelihoods, GBV and disruption of community support, have deeply undermined the well-being of caregivers and their capacity to cater to children under their care.",9
9904, The report noted that the humanitarian situation has been exacerbated by the spread of fall armyworm infestations and cholera and measles outbreaks.,3
2174,"Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, after the weekly meeting of the Council of Ministers (Cabinet), Saide said that the deaths occurred in Morrumbala district, in the central province of Zambezia, when a house collapsed taking the lives of three members of the same family.",10
3213,"Skirmishes continue to the west of Haditha, in Anbar province. Concomitantly, in the last three weeks, additional 4 000 people from ISIL controlled areas of Ana, Qa’im and Ru’ua districts have been displaced, following desert routes and reaching displacement sites in Ruttba and Ramadi districts. Authorities predict displacement of up to 70 000 people in a worst case scenario.",4
40,"The energy crisis worsened dramatically during the second quarter, as a result of a PA decision in May to reduce payments for electricity from the Israel Electricity Company for supplies to Gaza by around 33 per cent. By the end of June, Palestinians in Gaza were receiving only four to six hours of electricity per day, on average. The longer blackouts are having a pervasive impact on all aspects of life in the Gaza Strip, undermining basic services and generating serious public health concerns. Critical facilities have maintained minimal operations with emergency fuel provided by humanitarian agencies to run backup generators and vehicles. Nevertheless, services at 14 public hospitals, 18 NGO hospitals and health facilities, and 70 primary healthcare facilities have reduced, with some facing partial closure. Over 300 pieces of sensitive medical equipment have been damaged by electricity shortfalls and uctuations, reducing Palestinian access to critical",6
4595,"Protection concerns persist in Yemen, with approximately 2.6 million women and girls at risk of gender-based violence (GBV), according to the UN. In July, the UN Population Fund (UNFPA) provided more than 770 multi-sector services—primarily health and psychosocial support services—for GBV survivors in Yemen. In addition, UNFPA reached approximately 1,300 people in July with GBV awareness trainings, which included awareness of the important role of women in cholera prevention",9
9992,"As of 5 September 2017, a total of 2,102 suspected dengue cases were reported in 2017. The total number of reported dengue cases including dengue haemorrhagic fever and dengue shock syndrome was lower than the 3 year-threshold of the same period from 2014-2016 . ",4
6125,"However, according to the Global Terrorism Database, there were 867 attacks on educational institutions in Pakistan from 2007 to 2015, resulting in 392 fatalities and 724 injuries. The Global Coalition to Protect Education from Attack recorded at least 838 attacks on schools in Pakistan between 2009 and 2012, leaving hundreds of schools damaged. In December 2015, the Ministry for States and Frontier Regions (SAFRON) reported that in 2015, 360 schools were destroyed in three of the seven regions of Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA).",2
3781," Since military operations began in Mosul city seven months ago, nearly 700,000 people have been displaced from their homes, including 500,000 people who have been forced to flee from the western neighbourhoods of Mosul city alone. As fighting has intensified in western Mosul, the number of people fleeing the west of the city has increased sharply.  “The numbers of people fleeing their homes in western Mosul are overwhelming,” said Lise Grande, the Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq. “We are talking about very large numbers of families who are leaving everything behind. They are fleeing under very difficult circumstances.  Many are food insecure and haven’t had access to safe drinking water and medicines for weeks or months.” ",3
7893,"Cumulatively, since Epi week one, 942 suspected cases of measles have been reported, of which 797 were tested: 122 (15.3%) positive, 636 (79.8%) negative and 39 (4.9%) equivocal. Eighty-nine of the suspected cases were compatible and epi-linked while fifty-nine pending laboratory confirmation. Of the 675 equivocal and negative cases, 608 (90.1%) samples have been tested for rubella, of which, 291 (47.9%) were positive",4
3085,"Education: ? The refugees shared that reasons for low enrolment include lack of awareness among community, child labour and quality issues such as poor infrastructure of schools, unhygienic WASH (Water Sanitation and Hygiene) conditions and lack of school supplies. ? Less enrolment of Girl's was linked to traditional beliefs and gender role of girls to engage in domestic work, rearing siblings and early marriages. Some communities prefer religious education instead. ? Duksis1 appeared in the discussions to be causing delays for the students to attend the school and also in terms of preference for religious schools. ? Corporal punishment and unprofessional behaviours of teachers came out as a main concern from children and parents. ? Access due to distance from schools especially for secondary and high school and perception about the lack of importance of only primary level school in the absence of opportunities for further education was also discussed.  ",2
881,"Over the last three years, the oil rich state of the Upper Nile in South Sudan has seen continuous conflict between government and opposition forces. This has forced many families to make a drastic decision – stay and risk being killed, or leave and maybe have their property stolen.   ",9
3437,"More than 8.5 million people now need food assistance in Ethiopia following back-to-back droughts. This includes 3.3 million people in the Somali Region targeted to receive WFP’s relief assistance in Round 5 (of which 1.6 million are PSNP clients). ? Scarce water supplies have driven people from home areas and aggravated the spread of acute watery diarrhoea. In pastoralist, lowland areas, rains are only expected in October. Food from the Summer Meher harvest from highland areas is not expected to be available before the end of 2017. ? The Somali Region is the epicentre of the 2017 drought and the centre of WFP operations in Ethiopia. In August, the number in need of food relief in the region increased from 1.7 million to 3.3 million (60 percent of the population in the region). Thanks to recent donor contributions, WFP is now covering all needs, but requires additional resources to sustain this level of support through the end of 2017 and into the new year. ? Depending on needs and where markets functioning, WFP provides a combination of cash and food, WFP will provide nearly half a million people with cash transfers in the Somali Region. ",3
10424,"On 29 and 30 December 2017, a private landlord forcibly evicted nearly 4,000 internally displaced households within KM 13 area, Kahda District, Mogadishu. Massive loss of personal and public property including communal infrastructure provided by multiple humanitarian organizations (water points, sanitary facilities, community centers and public institutions) were destroyed",7
10489,"Lack of access to livelihood opportunities for refugees, and especially for women and girls are increasing the risk of being forced into negative coping mechanisms such as survival sex/The lack of sufficient lighting in camps exacerbates protection risks and negatively affects the refugee’s mobility, access to services and the sense of safety, especially for women and girls. The lack of designated toilet or bathing facilities in spontaneous settlements has a severe impact on the health and safety of women and girls. • Increasing isolation and restricted mobility of women and girls limits their access to information, including regarding life-saving GBV services",9
7131,"The downward trend of cholera is maintained with 12,990 suspected cases and 141 deaths recorded between January and November 2017, a decrease of 67% and 66% respectively compared to the same period in 2016",4
3743,"healthSector Target indicated in the humanitarian response plan: 1,167,000 people.Around 50% of the general population of Rohingya is malnourished and anemic. Acute malnutrition rate among under-5 years children is 25%. There is need to enhance linkages and synergy among nutrition, WASH, health and child protection. ? High rates of home deliveries persist, with just 22% of births occurring in health facilities ? Most of the existing facilities are not operating 24/7 and are not providing the full spectrum of basic and comprehensive emergency obstetric services and unclear referral pathways hamper timely delivery of life-saving services. Inadequate capacity of health staff to respond to pregnancy related complications remains a major challenge. ? Almost 67% of pregnant women have no access to gynaecological and obstetrical care services whilst the estimated number of deliveries in coming 3 months amount to 15,480. It is estimated that there are around 58,700 pregnant women in the Rohingya population living in the camps. ? Acute respiratory infections, acute watery diarrhea, bloody diarrhea and fever of unexplained origin continue to contribute significantly to overall consultations in all reporting camps and settlements. Water-borne and vector-borne diseases continue to be major concerns. ? There is a clear need for skilled personnel for mental health and psychosocial support, specifically for specialized support. Mental health and psychosocial support (MHPSS) service providers need to strengthen counselling services and training in line with the IASC guidelines on the particular needs of children, adolescents and elderly groups. ? There is a need to consider and integrate MHPSS across sectors (nutrition, food security and livelihood, education) which remains a challenge. ? MHPSS needs of humanitarian aid workers should be addressed. ? Reports have highlighted that elderly health needs and palliative care needs are not being met.",4
4424,"Increase in the number of children living on the streets in ASAL counties has been observed.In Lodwar town, approximately 500 children (a third of them girls) are on the streets at night due to effects of drought (compared to about 60 in March 2016).",9
11539," Access to safe water continues to be a challenge, with over 1 million people still not reached; mainly in the Somali Region. Access is further challenged by the increasing number and wide geographic spread of internally displaced people. This is a particular problem with nomadic pastoralists who lack safe water and sanitation because of their mobility. Provision of water in the treatment centres as well as management of the combination of AWD and SAM, and other co-morbidities, have remained a challenge. ",11
2660,"Garcia Cabañas said that the general situation of damages, affected and victims of the rains sum to the present day 15 dead, including the 12 that died during the slip in San Pedro Soloma, Huehuetenango.  He also reported that there are 134 incidents between floods, landslides and landslides, all of which leave 139,319 people affected and 916 people affected, ie have suffered damage to their homes.  Of the houses, 743 have suffered minor damage, 146 moderate damage and 20 severe damage or have been left uninhabitable. There are also 99 homes at risk, 50 affected roads, 12 affected bridges and 3 bridges destroyed. Also three affected schools.",6
1567,1241 cases of AWD/Cholera and 34 deaths as of 9 January from 7 December,4
11688,"The United Nations Children's Fund (Unicef) says at least 2 million children are now out of school.  More than 1,700 schools are currently unfit for use due to conflict-related damage, the hosting of displaced people, or occupation by armed groups.  At least 166,443 teachers - approximately 73% of the national total - have also not received their salaries since October 2016, according to the Unicef mission in Yemen.  They are among 1.5 million civil servants only paid sporadically over the past year.",2
1424,Flood also affected Central Kalimantan Province. 730 houses in West Kotawaringin district were submerged so as 420 houses in East Kotawaringin district.,10
4051,"The Pakistani government is increasingly clamping down on internet dissent at the expense of fundamental rights, Human Rights Watch said today. The government should immediately end abusive state monitoring of internet activity, prosecute those committing violence on the basis of internet blasphemy allegations, and commit to upholding free expression for all.",9
8816,So far more than 360 houses have collapsed in Kabwe and a further 100 in Choma following heavy rain that has left hundreds of families homeless and in dire need of emergency aid. ,10
8800,Flash floods have caused destruction in Botswana as bridges collapsed while roads and railway lines were washed away this week.,6
9749,"Over 14.1 million people (51 percent of the population) are suffering from food insecurity and malnutrition, of which approximately 7.1 million are estimated to be in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) and over 7 million in Emergency (IPC Phase 4).",8
701,"'We've really seen a remarkable and very rapid mobilisation in this case,' New York-based Ebola expert Dr Laurie Garrett told the BBC. 'The logistic issues getting to this very remote area are quite considerable, and it will also be considerable on the ground to identify who should be vaccinated and to get out in this vast and very difficult area and provide vaccination in an appropriate way. 'It's never been done before in the midst of an exploding outbreak so we'll watch it very closely.'",4
1758,"One top government official said that Uganda's system of accommodating refugees, routinely touted as one of the world's most progressive, was on the brink of 'explosive' collapse.nyani's village is one of those that donated hundreds of hectares of land expecting lots of investment in return.  Some of it - like the new clinic on the edge of the Pagarinya settlement - has appeared. The clinic was paid for by the United Nations refugee agency UNHCR and built by the Lutheran World Federation, a Christian charity. Two Ugandan nurses working inside said they were paid by Medical Teams International, a U.S. Christian aid group. But the new school in Pagarinya is massively overcrowded, the new bore-holes are too far for the Ugandans to use, there are no new jobs and, with refugees having cut down most of the trees in the area for firewood and shelter, the wind is whipping across the plains, churning up dust.  Throat infections are on the rise and Inyani says the ancestral spirits are upset.",9
7273,"ADRA is providing urgent food and shelter for the displaced Rohingya refugees. Many of those who fled Myanmar arrived in Bangladesh with only the clothes they were wearing, and minimal food. Now they are stuck in muddy, crowded refugee camps – desperate for safety and lacking basic necessities. ",1
422,"The EU quickly intervened after hurricanes Irma and Maria (both category 5, maximum strength hurricanes) devastated Dominica, Cuba, Antigua and Barbuda, and severely affected Turks & Caicos, St Kitts & Nevis, Sint Maarten and Saint Martin, the British Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Haiti, and the Dominican Republic.  Under the EU Civil Protection Mechanism, EU Member States provided logistical support for humanitarian relief, civil protection expertise and in-kind assistance to affected Caribbean countries and territories. Additionally, the European Commission allocated €2.9 million in humanitarian relief to provide temporary shelters, safe drinking water, food assistance and health and sanitation services to the most affected islands.",4
11751,"most communities are overcrowded with the current displacement putting further strain on the host communities. Shelter absorption capacity has already been exhausted and it is extremely difficult to find an affordable place to rent. IDPs who have been able to find places to rent are forced to pay large amounts of money, up to 300 – 400 USD. One NGO who built several mud housing units to host the most vulnerable IDPs in northern rural Idleb, reported that these housing units were taken over by newly arriving IDPs, rather than the targeted group.",10
7060,"The Taliban insurgents control the Kunduz-Takhar highway at night, as security personnel lack the required facilities and equipment, police said on Thursday. ",6
4385,"In addition, it is estimated that over 350,000 Syrian children remain out of school and face challenges such as lack of awareness about available services, language barriers, socio-economic obstacles, and dropout at the secondary school level. Refugee and migrant children – particularly those out of school – remain vulnerable to numerous protection risks, including isolation, discrimination, and different forms of exploitation. Years of conflict and displacement continue to have a significant impact on their psycho-social well-being which, if not addressed, will have a long-term negative impact on their development. Moreover, many vulnerable families struggling to meet their basic needs are increasingly resorting to negative coping mechanisms such as engaging in child labour and child marriage, instead of sending their children to school.",9
3291,"Initial results from the Emergency Food Security and Nutrition Assessment (EFSNA) indicate that 17.1 million people are food insecure in Yemen, including 7.3 million people who are severely food insecure considerably higher than estimates in the HNO. Eighty-five per cent of agricultural households report an emergency need for agricultural inputs. EFSNA results will be finalized in February 2017.",3
1862,"In 2016, Kenya reported an outbreak of chikungunya in Mandera East sub-county, resulting in more than 1 700 suspected cases. Previous outbreaks occurred in 2004 and 2005 in Mombasa and Lamu coastal region, during which about 1 300 cases were documented. The extent of the current outbreak is likely to be underestimated since many symptomatic cases do not report to healthcare facilities. The risk of further spread of this outbreak cannot be ruled out. The national authorities and partners need to strengthen implementation of outbreak control measures. Meanwhile, basic precautions should be taken by people travelling to risk areas and these include use of repellents, wearing long sleeves and long pants and ensuring rooms are fitted with screens to prevent mosquitoes from entering.",4
5845,"the number of members of ISIS is dramatically decreasing and the number of remained ISIS members estimated to be 300 to 400 fighters in the city, after the deaths of hundreds of members in the past few weeks, where the organization could no longer withstand in Al-Raqqah city because its stockpile of military equipment and weapons started running out as well as its stored food items, where sources of the Observatory confirmed that the organization sometimes carries out infiltrations into sites of the Syria Democratic Forces in order to get water or food, also the sources informed the Syrian Observatory that what is delaying the control of “Euphrates Wrath” Operation Forces of Al-Raqqah city is the density of the mines planted by the “Islamic State” organization, and because the decision of International Coalition to take control of the city was delayed, in addition to that there are thousands of civilians who are being used as human shields by the organization, and if the Syria Democratic Forces and the International Coalition take the decision of controlling Al-Raqqah city, then, the Grand Raqqah Operation may be completed in the coming days and weeks.",9
5411,"Malnutrition rates in Balochistan are alarmingly high. Currently, more than half of all children under five are stunted – have low growth for their age - and 16 percent of the population is malnourished. Anaemia affects 70 percent of children and three quarters of pregnant and breast-feeding women.  “Four out of five households in Balochistan cannot afford a minimally nutritious diet,” said WFP Representative and Country Director in Pakistan, Finbarr Curran. ",8
9349," A total of 62,382 hectares, nearly one percent of the total planted area was impacted, and more than 45,000 farmers were affected and will need seeds, particularly for horticulture crops, to help them recover during the second season. Due to these flooding impacts, poor households in these areas are experiencing Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes, as the majority already faced food gaps due to the drought.",3
5553,"t the same time, too many girls marry and become mothers at too young an age. Almost 300,000 teenage girls in Myanmar are already married (13 per cent), and 89,000 of these have already given birth.",9
8644,"Some of the homes have been corroded by the inundation, with walls torn off and household items washed away or damaged. ",10
10037,"The Government of Bangladesh has targeted 330,000 (of the total 850,088) households to provide assistance. The support include mainly GR (rice and cash), VGF, cash through Employment Generation Program for Poorest scheme and C. I. sheet and cash for housing. In addition, the government assistance included special cash grant under VGF. Details of the assistance is are in the table below:",5
6515,"Only two boreholes were operational in the area, located about 90 minutes by foot from the main population center, resulting in the majority of the population collecting water from the river.",11
8149,"the completion of the Pilot Housing Rehabilitation project in Sinuni, which facilitated the returns of approximately 3,000 individuals to their restored houses, and the distribution of occupancy certificate to Yazidi families in Ashti.",10
4717,"At least 13 municipalities in Lebanon have forcibly evicted at least 3,664 Syrian refugees from their homes and expelled them from the municipalities, apparently because of their nationality or religion, while another 42,000 refugees remain at risk of eviction,",10
1436,Most of the roofs of the temporary learning centres were blown away by the heavy wind and rainfall in the last few days. UNICEF and partners have rapidly repaired the centres that were damaged to continue teaching and learning activities.,2
3826," Prolonged drought in Somaliland has killed between 65 and 80 percent of the semi-autonomous region's livestock, creating conditions that are 'the worst time in our lives' and could threaten regional security, says the region's environment minister.  With 70 percent of Somaliland's economy built around livestock, 'you can imagine the desperation of the people, the desperation of the government,' said Shukri Ismail Bandare, the minister of rural development and environment.",5
9291,"SOS-Torture Burundi notes that people accused of practicing witchcraft are currently being murdered in some localities, and that the police are basing on these unconvincing explanations, while this may be a pretext that hides other motives not yet elucidated. . - Unidentified individuals attacked a group of residents in a bar located near a gas station in Musaga zone (south of Bujumbura) on 14 June 2017 in the early evening. Two men died after the attack, Lambert Nkurunziza and Fiston Nduwimana, who are bus drivers; 12 others were injured. The police did not identify the perpetrators of the attack. ",9
5014,"Conditions in the camp remain challenging. The location of the camp is polluted and poses serious health threats for the IDPs leading to advocacy towards camp authorities to consider relocating it elsewhere. An expert assessment of health risks is planned in the coming period. A recent assessment of the camp recommended improved camp management and coordination, an increased number of latrines, as well as regular waste management and garbage collection. The availability of bread at the site is reportedly insufficient to meet needs, however, IDPs report limited diversity of food supplies there. No waste collection or waste management system is currently in place, posing high health hazards. Primary health care services are provided through two mobile teams, including medical consultation, treatment and mental health and psychosocial support (MHPSS) services. Procedures to release medical referals out of the camp however remain challenging.",3
3328,"Regarding the abduction cases, the February statistics revealed that 12 people were kidnapped, mostly for ransom.  ",9
10446,"Deputy Director-General of the CDC Kester Craig stated last evening that the only water remaining on the lands were on the farms in Region 7, although he could not confirm at the time if this had changed in the hours since his last update.  ",1
377,"The Diffa region, currently hosting 221,790 displaced people3 from the Niger and Nigeria due to Boko Haram-related insecurity, will continue to be affected, with an estimated 340,000 people expected to require humanitarian assistance in 2017",9
3035,"Unfortunately, it is not all good news from the town.  There continues to be a danger from unexploded ordinance and there is still some looting going on. Last night thieves stole more than a kilometre of electrical copper cabling which plunged a local farm in to darkness.  ",9
5234,"Classes in Markazi camp are still being held in tents and RHUs prepared and furnished by the refugees with the assistance of ONARS and UNHCR. Meetings continue to be held on a regular basis between refugees, parents, teachers of Markazi camp and UNHCR, ONARS and LWF to ensure the smooth delivery of the educational curriculum until a more permanent solution is found and a structure for the school is established. Teachers from the refugee community continue to volunteer to teach the children.",2
2444,"Bougainville Govt struggle to respond to quake impact      The Government of Bougainville says it is struggling to respond to a destructive earthquake that hit the east and south of the main island last month.  The 7.9 magnitude quake claimed at least two lives, caused a series of landslides, wrecked some roads, and left people homeless.  It also impacted on communications.",10
6885,Over a quarter of children under the age of five in Ghana suffer chronic malnutrition. These children will never reach their full potential in physical or intellectual milestones. This is not a new pattern. Nearly 40 percent of Ghanaian adults grappled with stunted growth as children.,8
1118,". Similar, is the case for health services which are located in the central parts of the cities while the population living in the peripheral parts cannot access them due to disrupted communication in the form of damaged roads",4
5789,"Six months into the military operation to retake Mosul City from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), civilians continue to have significant humanitarian needs. These needs are most severe among displaced families, both in and out of camps, and vulnerable residents in newly accessible areas.  On 19 February, Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) resumed military operations to retake western Mosul from ISIL. The humanitarian impact has been significant. Since the new offensive began, approximately 330,000 people from west Mosul have been displaced to camps and emergency sites as of 18 April, according to the Government of Iraq.",10
9026,"Sarah, the wife of a former al-Shabab fighter, says there is an organised programme to breed the next generation of fightersIn a dark room with the curtains drawn, I meet this extraordinary group of women, who have a story that has never been told.",9
8067,"Tombura State authorities say over 800 civilians who were displaced by violence in Lol State are in dire need of humanitarian assistance.According to the officials, this is the group from which 14 people, mostly children died from fatigue while fleeing the renewed fighting in Raja.The Commissioner of Nagero County in Tombura State told Eye Radio that the IDPs – who are mainly women and Children are in need of water, food and shelter.“They lack basic needs generally; no water, the only water that they were actually getting is from the well,” said Balia Digido.He said the vulnerable people are surviving on mangoes and little support from the host communities:",11
5542,"WFP conducted a rapid food security and market assessment in Duma (a suburb of Eastern Ghouta) in mid-November to monitor the situation in the besieged area. The assessment found that because of the scarcity of staple foods and severe shortage of cooking fuel, the majority of households have been surviving on raw vegetables, consuming no more than one meal per day. Due to the lack of wheat, bakeries in Duma are baking bread made from a mix of barley taken from animal fodder and, when available, maize flour. The situation improved slightly at the end of the month thanks to wheat flour provided by WFP plus two new bakeries that started working in the area.",3
8975,"Cholera remains a challenge even in dry season along the River Nile, Malaria, Acute Respiratory Tract Infections, TB/HIV/AIDS, and Measles are the major public health morbidities/ mortality in IDP locations and surrounding host communities. Communities fleeing from the conflict have settled in swamps where WASH facilities are non-existent.",4
9933,"At least 30 dialysis patients in besieged East Ghouta are in dire need of access to lifesaving treatment. These patients, which range from 21 years old to 83 years old, are in various stages of kidney failure. This lack of access has deadly consequences for patients. Two dialysis patients, 52 year old Mahrous and 60 year old Fayzah, died this week due to the lack of dialysis treatment.    ",4
2135,"Malaria: 133 total cases, 57 confirmed cases, 11 deaths, 8,3% CFR,The suspected outbreak is affecting three districts in Marasbit.",4
4268,"In central regions, rainfall varied across Galgaduud and southern Mudug. Rainfall totals were generally below average to average in the cowpea producing areas of Elder, Harardhere , and Elbur. However, little to no rainfall was received in Adado District and the coastal livelihood zone in both regions.  ",3
11725,"According to key informants and interviewed households, due to their lack of income and very weak purchasing power, most households were relying on less preferred and less expensive foods. The interviewees also reported that the most vulnerable households were limiting the portion sizes of their meals. Yarmouk and Qadessiyeh neighbourhoods were considered one of the poorest in Ar-Raqqa city even before the crisis. Households in these neighbourhoods mentioned having exhausted all their savings and having sold off all their valuable assets. Many were now purchasing food on credit and sending children to work as common coping strategies in order to make ends meet. Around 2,000 households currently reside in Yarmouk neighbourhood, and 1,400 households in Qadessiyeh neighbourhood. For Ma’amoun neighbourhood, the situation was found to be somewhat better than in Yarmouk and Qadessiyeh. People in this neighbourhood reported still having some savings and assets (saving money, productive assets such as owning land/property) they could depend on to help them restore their livelihoods.",3
11129,"According to the same NRC report, only nine percent of Syrians who fled their country during the war have access to their property deeds today. An estimated 5.6 million people have fled the country as refugees, and a further 6.1 million people are displaced inside Syria.",9
9405,"Together with national health authorities, WHO is stepping up its response in White Nile State, including supporting treatment centres with medicines, medical supplies, operational costs and staff incentives.In all states, WHO has trained rapid response teams and health staff on case management, case identification, and infection prevention and control.  To respond to the increasing the risk of disease outbreaks, in June 2017 WHO and the Federal Ministry of Health are improving the Early Warning Alert and Response System (EWARS) – the system that detects outbreaks – by training 264 surveillance officers from 23 health facilities in six states.The EWARS system will allow the early detection of possible outbreaks in areas like camps and overcrowded host communities, where the risk of outbreaks are high.  On 8 June 2017, WHO launched a vaccination campaign in two camps hosting South Sudanese refugees in South and West Kordofan states, with the goal of reaching a total number of 51 525 people over the age of one with the oral cholera vaccine (OCV) through two rounds of vaccinations.  To protect children against vaccine-preventable diseases, WHO and UNICEF supported a mass immunization campaign by the Federal Ministry Of Health in White Nile camps in April 2017 together, during which 1600 children (6 months–15 years old) were vaccinated against measles, and 1680 children (under 5 years) were vaccinated against polio.  To reduce the risk of diseases transmitted by mosquitoes, WHO conducted vector control campaigns which will protect around 6000 people. The campaign included indoor vector control activities and all breeding sites in targeted areas of White Nile and East Darfur camps were identified and treated.  The health of South Sudanese refugees in Sudan is a major priority for WHO and partners. As more refugees continue to arrive, protecting their health, and the health of vulnerable host communities, requires a coordinated effort by WHO and all health actors. ",4
7059,"119 UXOs and 227 EBOs detected in Khizi region of Azerbaijan Azerbaijan National Agency for Mine Action (ANAMA), the Ministry of Emergency Situations and the Internal Troops of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Azerbaijan have disseminated information on conducted joint cleaning operations at the weapons and ammunition storage of a military unit #N of the Ministry of Defense, located in Khizi district, ANAMA told APA.On August 29 , the neighborhood territories of the military unit, 6 apartment houses, 2 farms, sowing and pasture areas, the cemetery of the village of Meshedi Hasan, the water channel, the area around the greenhouse and the site called the “Television studio” were inspected. As a result, 83 unexploded Ordnances (UXOs) and 227 fragments of exploded-burnt ordinances (EBOs) detected and the territory of 3,680,615 square meters was inspected.",9
9413,"Suicide bombings target a gas plant in an area controlled by SDF south of Hasakah cause casualties 4 members of the “Islamic State” organization were able to infiltrate into the plant area and then detonate themselves in the area after clashes between the attackers and members of the Syrian Democratic forces with light weapons, after that the suicide bombers blew themselves up targeting a headquarters and positions of the Syria Democratic Forces, and sources confirmed to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights that several people were killed and injured in the bombing; at least 5 of them were confirmed including SDF members, and the death toll is expected to rise because there are some people in critical situation.",7
8470,"The inter-agency Humanitarian Response Plan (HRP) for 2017-2018 identified the areas of WASH, health, nutrition and food security and shelter for immediate scale-up to save lives in both settlements and host communities.",3
727,"A total of some 150,000 people, mainly civil servants, security personnel and academics have been suspended or sacked as part of a related crackdown.  ",9
2557,"Many of these ‘returnees’ have found homes, schools, and healthcare facilities destroyed or severely damaged by armed conflict or by neglect and, in many areas, the re-start of basic water supply, sanitation, and other municipal services has proven an overwhelming task that may not be completed for years. Protection concerns remain for people returning to these areas, which are still contaminated by unexploded ordnances that place children at particular risk as they play or go to school, and about the voluntary nature of returns.",1
8330,"More than 1.1 million people have been affected, including 155,000 displaced. Of the affected population, some 309,000 are boys, girls and adolescences.  • With 29 per cent of the affected population, he Department of Piura is bearing the brunt of the floods and mudslides.  • Some of the most pressing needs are related to WASH, Health, Food Security and Shelter sectors.  • Although the majority of displaced people are with host families, some 22,500 people have moved to 135 official temporary shelters in nine departments.",5
1065,He also added that several Iranian rockets were also found after the Taliban used them to attack the provincial government compound.,9
8286,"Movement: Organised                     Trigger: Voluntary Relocation NEMA relocated 270 individuals (45 HH) from Mubi Red Bricks Transit Camp in Adamawa State to Teachers Village Camp in Maiduguri on 27 May. ETT Report No. 15 had reported their arrival from Minawawou Camp in Cameroon.  DTM & ETT Cumulative: IDPs= 396,117",3
10793,"3.2 million people are facing crisis (IPC Phase 3) and emergency levels (IPC Phase 4) of food insecurity. An estimated 2.5 to 3 million people will remain in need of emergency humanitarian assistance though the end 2017. An elevated risk of famine (IPC Phase 5) persists due to severe food consumption gaps, high acute malnutrition and high disease burden. The Gu rains (April-June) provided relief in some areas, but the rainy season was shorter than normal and generally poor, including in areas with high levels of vulnerability such as Bakool and northern Bay regions.",3
1104,"PRS greatly rely on UNRWA support to cover basis needs, and this dependency is expected to increase further in the next year. Approximately 96 per cent of PRS families reported UNRWA cash support as their main source of income as of June 2016, up from 88 per cent in January 2016.  Given that poverty among PRS families is estimated at 89 per cent and that almost 95 per cent are food insecure, it has been decided to provide humanitarian assistance in the form of cash to the entire PRS population.",5
9264," ISLAMABAD — Fresh fighting in northern Afghanistan has disrupted the electric supply to Kabul and several provinces for the second time in less than three weeks.  The hostilities come as the country's Independent Election Commission (IEC) on Saturday launched a long-delayed voters' registration process for parliamentary and district council elections scheduled for October 20.  A provincial police spokesman told VOA that a team of technicians from the state-owned electricity department has arrived in the Baghlan province to assess the damage and carry out the repair work, but heavy fighting prevented them from reaching the site in Dushi district.  Officials said the overnight destruction of the electricity tower plunged a vast area into darkness, including much of the Afghan capital, a city of more than 5 million people.Residents and businesses in Kabul said Saturday they were relying on private generators to run critical operations.  Transmission lines passing through Baghlan are used to import about 300 megawatts of electricity from neighboring Central Asian states of Tajikistan and Uzbekistan.  The Taliban controls or contests several districts in the Afghan province and routinely launches attacks on security forces in government-controlled areas.  Last month, insurgents also had blown up a major electricity tower in the Kelagai area of Baghlan, cutting the power supply to Kabul and many Afghan provinces for several days.  The Taliban had justified their action at the time, saying the government was blocking supply of electricity to insurgent-controlled areas.  Separately, officials confirmed Saturday that an overnight Taliban attack in the western city of Farah killed at least seven Afghan soldiers and wounded several others.  Afghan President Ashraf Ghani on Saturday repeated his offer of peace talks for the Taliban and invited them to register as a political group to join the parliamentary elections for seeking resolution of their disagreements.  Ghani spoke shortly after launching the voters' registration process at the presidential place in Kabul. The two-months long exercise will enable the country to create for the first time in its history formal voters' lists — a move likely to address allegations of fraud and rigging, according to Afghan officials.  'We have placed before the Taliban a clear and comprehensive peace plan.If they believe in the betterment of the Afghan nation they should accept it and come to contest the elections,' said the president.  Ghani was referring to his offer of unconditional peace talk she announced in February at an international conference in Kabul. His initiative received widespread domestic and international backing.  The Taliban so far has not publicly offered any reaction to the peace overture, however, and instead has intensified battlefield attacks across Afghanistan.",1
7756,"The main Food Security related needs include: 1. lifesaving food assistance; 2. sustainable livelihoods support and income generation activities, linking relief & recovery to development in return areas specifically; and 3. Strengthened preparedness and resilience to future disasters across vulnerable parts of the country",3
4895,"Overall low levels of access to land, along with a high proportion of arable farmers and pastoralists, calls for a deeper understanding of livelihood possibilities and tailored economic empowerment programmes, particularly for those intending to integrate in their current place of displacement",5
8115,"• Boko Haram conflict in the northeast has severely limited normal livelihoods activities over several years. Many poor and/or displaced households in the region are highly dependent on humanitarian assistance to meet minimal food requirements, and remain in Crisis (IPC Phase 3!). Many of those households unable to access assistance are facing Emergency (IPC Phase 4) or worse outcomes. ",3
1237,"only one primary health care staff for the whole camp and nearby cities. No doctor, no nurses, no midwifes except when MSF is there 10 days a month. MSF do only child health, nutrition (450 children under treatment) and vaccination",4
11848,"3.8 m displaced; 7.7 m in food insecurity and livelihood crisis (Jun-Dec 2017 IPC); 472,000 refugees; Chronic malnutrition: 43% of children under 5 years old.",8
4322,An additional 324 000 people are estimated to be in need of immediate emergency food assistance in Niger. The estimated number of people in need of emergency food assistance during the lean season (from June to August) now totals 1.6 million. This is a sharp increase compared to last year (1 million) and the projections by the government in April (1.3 million).  The increase in food insecurity is largely due to a sharp and atypical rise in staple food prices. The most vulnerable households are highly dependent on local markets to access sufficient food. Food prices have therefore an immediate and significant impact on the most vulnerable households.,3
6939,"Caritas is working with local partners to provide urgent humanitarian relief to the 600,000 Rohingya refugees who have crossed the Myanmar border to the Cox’s Bazaar district in Bangladesh. ",1
7450,"Access to water is critical in eastern Chad, especially in the camps of Treguine, Bredjing, Amnaback, Mile and Iridimi where the quantity of water distributed varied from 6 to 11 liters of water per person per day (l/p/d). In General, 45% of refugee camps meet the UNHCR standard of 20 l/p/d and 14.7 l/p/d is the average quantity distributed in the camps and sites of eastern Chad. In term of sanitation coverage, 39% of refugee families have a family latrine. In the South, the average quantity of water distributed is 46 l/p/d and the sanitation coverage is 68%. In the Lake Region, the average quantity of water distributed is 46 l/p/d and the sanitation coverage is only 6%.",11
11603,"“Water systems are being damaged: In Yemen, between August 2017 and May 2018, there were 5 verified attacks by the Coalition forces on water reservoirs and pipes, namely in Sa’ada and Amran governorates, affecting over 90,000 people.",11
4586,"According to UNHCR, as of February 9, there were about 84,873 Burundi refugees, who had been displaced since April 2015, residing in Bugesera, Gatore, Huye, Kigali, Mahama, and Nyanza camps in eastern, southern, and western Rwanda. A small proportion of refugees routinely access labor opportunities in urban centers or in adjacent farms, improving access to food. However, labor income has been limited by ongoing macroeconomic constraints and a below-average Season A in significant parts of the country. Funding shortfalls of up to 54 percent could also result in significant pipeline breaks and food shortages during the first quarter of 2017, exacerbating food gaps. As a result, the refugees are expected to remain in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) throughout the scenario period.",5
3598,"Food insecurity in Palestine affects 27 percent of the population – or 1.3 million people- and is driven by limited economic access to food, arising from restrictions of movement, trade and investment, and high unemployment rates. Food prices are driven by Israel, where people’s average purchasing power per person is six times higher than in Palestine, and therefore too high for poor families to afford. As poor and vulnerable Palestinians spend more than half of their income on food, WFP’s assistance is critical to meet their food needs and prevents further deteriorations in their food security and livelihood status. Gaza continues its trajectory of de-development. All socio economic indicators and humanitarian conditions continue to deteriorate, owing to the cumulative effects of a ten- year economic -land, sea, air- blockade (2006), three armed hostilities (2008, ’12,’14), the introduction of Israeli restrictions on the entry of goods with a dual civilian/military use (2010) limiting economic growth and post-war reconstruction, Egypt’s closure of the smuggling tunnels annihilating the informal economy (2013), the pay cuts of Palestinian Authority public sector workers and the current energy crisis (2017): 40 percent are poor, 39 percent are food insecure, 46.6 percent are unemployed. The U.N. foresees that Gaza will be “unliveable” by 2020.  ",3
8678,"In the Philippines, I continue to be gravely concerned by the President's open support for a shoot-to-kill policy regarding suspects, as well as by the apparent absence of credible investigations into reports of thousands of extrajudicial killings, and the failure to prosecute any perpetrator. The recent killing of a schoolboy who was dragged into an alley and shot in the head by plains-clothed policeman on 16 August was described by the Minister of Justice as 'an isolated case'. However, suspicion of extrajudicial killings has now become so widespread that the initials EJK have reportedly become a verb in some communities – as in 'he was EJKed'. Two days after hundreds of people turned out for the teenager's funeral, the President again told police they would not be punished for killing suspects who resist arrest. This lack of respect for the due process rights of all Filipinos is appalling. I am also shocked by President Duterte's threat to bomb schools for indigenous children in the southern Philippines, which he said were teaching children to rebel against the government. His order to police to shoot any human rights workers who 'are part of' the drug trade or who 'obstruct justice' is yet another blow to his country's reputation and his people's rights. I remain concerned about the case of Senator de Lima. Many human rights defenders who are the honour of their country face a growing number of death threats, and I call on the Government to ensure they are accorded full protection and the right to freedom of expression and peaceful assembly without reprisals. Measures taken towards a reintroduction of the death penalty threaten yet another step back. I urge the Government to uphold the Philippines' international human rights obligations, amid deeper reflection about the values that the Philippines stands for.",9
1027,"Fifteen locations in Syria are classified as besieged, home to more than 700 000 people. Attempts to deliver aid to these areas are sometimes obstructed or delayed. Medicines have been removed from interagency convoys travelling to besieged and hard-to-reach areas.  ",6
9599," During the same period [2016], 101 hospitals were reportedly attacked resulting in damage and destruction and impacting critical health services",4
9404,"We've unfortunately seen a familiar sequence of events unfold in recent times, of Congress-ruled Karnataka accusing the Centre of discriminating against it with respect to drought relief. A similar wrangle broke out between Punjab (where the Shiromani Akali Dal, an ally of the BJP, is in power) and New Delhi in 2015, when untimely rain and hailstorm ravaged the wheat crop. The larger issue here is the lack of institutionalised mechanisms to deal with crop loss, despite the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana (PMFBY) coming into force.  The fact that less than a third of the affected area in Karnataka this year is covered by insurance (a pointer to inadequate financial inclusion, since the coverage is bundled with crop loans) tells us why political discretion plays such an important role in an agriculture crisis. Crop insurance needs to be comprehensive in scope to address crises arising out of increasingly capricious weather. ",5
8524,"An estimated 709 houses were destroyed in Hamidiya camp on Wednesday evening, and dozens of houses collapsed in Hassahissa, Khamsa Degaig, and El Teiba camps. Rains and mud streams turned three classrooms in Hamidiya into rubble. On Monday people in the camp reported that five basic schools in Hamidiya and Hassahissa were destroyed, along with 673 homes. Speaking from Hamidiya camp, El Shafie Abdallah, the coordinator of the Central Darfur camps, told Radio Dabanga that the rains also destroyed a water tank. “Large numbers of families are now surviving in the open without shelter.”",2
1036,"According to Al Ray Palestinian Media Agency, the report recorded 55 injuries in the Gaza Strip and 10 in other occupied Palestinian lands, by Israeli forces, during May.",9
8277,"Essential reproductive health/maternal, child and newborn health services, particularly obstetric services, are inadequate either due to insufficient bed capacity or lack of facilities in hard to reach areas. Admission rates for women with obstructed labour are high and many patients are referred late. SRH needs of women in transit points are not sufficiently being addressed.",4
10383,"The provision of water has reduced from 90 to 53 litres per capita per day, with most families receiving piped water only once every four days. The discharge of over 108 million litres of almost totally untreated sewage into the Mediterranean Sea every day – equivalent to more than 40 Olympic-sized swimming pools – has increased bacterial contamination in the Mediterranean Sea, according to testing done on Gaza’s beach water in May 2017. The continuing electricity shortage has raised irrigation costs to a point where agricultural livelihoods have become unsustainable for the most vulnerable farmers.",11
9967,On 5 January 20 armed men entered Tumaco in Narino and said wanted to take control of the territory. 107 families were displaced (428 people) to houses of family and friends. ,9
8002,"More than 2000 families have been relocated for their safety due to risk of landslide or flooding, and relocations of new arrivals from the UNHCR Transit Centre moving to the main Kutupalong settlement.",10
7386,"Thousands of internally displaced persons (IDPs) continue to flee west Mosul daily. About 7,500 IDPs reportedly arrived at Hammam Al-Alil screening site, 25 km south of Mosul, on 12 April. IDPs undergo a final security clearance in Hammam Al-Alil before proceeding onwards to camps or urban locations. Most of the displaced families choose to be transferred to east Mosul, where they either join relatives, rent accommodation, or occupy empty buildings. IDPs interviewed by UNHCR’s partner reported that the volatile security situation in west Mosul and the lack of services, including potable water, pushed them to leave the city. According to the government, 297,000 persons have been displaced from west Mosul since military operations to retake the west bank of the city began on 19 February.",9
343,"Based on the Humanitarian Response Plan the current target of the WASH Sector is 1,166,000, out of which 853,309 are targeted for Water, 914,899 for Sanitation and 1,166,000 for HygieneTo reduce the public health risk, there are large number of nonfunctional latrines and tube wells that need to be decommission and repaired/relocated. Reception areas near the crossing points close to border area have very limited safe water and sanitation facilities. The new arrivals are receiving bottled water (1.5 litres) and sector partners have provided mobile sanitation facilities",11
8613,ISIS captured 300 civilians trying to escape Hawija,9
3368,"An outbreak of fall armyworm was also reported in July. Experts warned that the crop-eating caterpillars, reported in Magwi (Eastern Equatoria), Yei, and Juba (Central Equatoria), Northern Bahr el Ghazal and Jonglei, may further damage South Sudanese farming, exacerbating the country ’s food crisis.",0
3247,"Disruption to Sewer treatment plant in Misrata affecting 230,000 people",11
11719,"This month saw Burundi fall to the lowest level of events and second lowest reported fatality count since before the presidential elections in 2015. October 2017 also represents the continuation of a shorter term downward trend in fatalities from a 2017 high of 34 in each of June and July to 13 this month. Violence involving members of the ruling CNDD’s youth wing, the Imbonerakure, continues to feature prominently, with their involvement noted in a significant number of events. Although most of the events involving the Imbonerakure are incidents of violence targeting civilians, the number of reported fatalities in these incidents per month has remained low, with only 5 civilians reported killed by Imbonerakure members since August 2017. Rather than the Imbonerakure, the majority of reported fatalities over the last few months have been attributed to unidentified assailants, often using machetes or grenades. Grenade attacks in particular on restaurants and bars continue to be relatively common in Burundi, with the most significant recent attack being reported in July 2017, causing 8 fatalities and wounding at least 40. The majority of these attacks appear to be politically motivated, with members of opposition parties often being targeted. In a number of these cases Imbonerakure involvement is also suggested by the reporting despite not being stated explicitly.",9
1243,"The county commissioner of Tali in South Sudan’s Terekeka State says more than 9,000 returnees in the county are in dire need of humanitarian assistance.Angelo Maring told Radio Tamazuj on Tuesday that the returnees who had fled violence in the past months lack food, drinking water and medicine.He urged both national and international aid organisations in South Sudan to quickly come to the area to avert a humanitarian crisis.Commissioner Maring also reiterated his call to the national government to investigate and provide medication to the mysterious disease affecting thousands of livestock in the state. ",11
1382,"During the reporting period, a rapid need assessment was conducted in Khanfir, Zingibar, Lawdar Districts in Abyan Governorate and Al Had District in Lahj Governorate. Findings indicate that there is an urgent need for humanitarian assistance in the sectors of water, sanitation and hygiene, food and shelter. However, there is no need for rapid health response as it is being covered by existing health facilities services and mobile clinics. A multi-sector assessment conducted in Al Khawkhah District in Al-Hudaydah Governorate concluded the need for sustained interventions in the areas of water, sanitation and hygiene, shelter and nonfood items, protection, food and health. A multi-sector assessment in Bayhan District, Shabwah Governorate reported that there are 700 displaced families. More than 90 per cent of the IDPs lack access to water, sanitation and hygiene, shelter and non-food items ad face specific protection concerns.",11
8988,"In the capital, Juba, prices of sorghum and maize peaked in December 2016 and subsequently declined in January 2017 by 6 and 10 percent, respectively, partly as a result of the harvesting of the 2016 second season crops in southern bi?modal rainfall areas. In February, prices resumed their increasing trend, surging by about 30 percent and reaching new record highs. Prices of cassava and groundnuts followed similar patterns, increasing by 15 and 30 percent in February, while prices of wheat, after having peaked in August 2016, declined by 30 percent between August 2016 and February 2017. Overall, in February, staple food prices in Juba were between 2 and more than 4 times their levels in February last year, due to insecurity, a tight supply situation, hyperinflation and a significant depreciation of the local currency.In markets located in central and northern uni?modal rainfall areas, prices of sorghum, after having peaked in July/August, declined on average by about 40 percent between July/August and November 2016 as newly harvested crops increased supplies. Subsequently, prices resumed their upward trend, increasing by about 20 percent between November 2016 and January 2017, when they were between 3 and 10 times higher than 12 months earlier.",3
7646, Indications are that the overall level of humanitarian assistance between January and March 2017 will remain more or less the same as December’s level due to resource constraints,3
6332,"In 2017, the 'coastal Niño' phenomenon caused the worst floods in Peru in three decades. The scale of destruction was immense: 348 000 houses were damaged, of which 55 000 were entirely destroyed. Over 40 000 km of roads, 2 915 schools, and 930 healthcare centres in 24 of the country’s 25 regions were also devastated by the floods.The resulting human needs were staggering: 1.4 million people were affected, 283 000 people severely so - of which 130 000 needed emergency food assistance.",10
4195,WASH overcrowded camps have poor pre-existing WASH facilities. New makeshift camps do not have WASH facilities. Need for safe drinking water.,11
9925," “Spillovers from India to Nepal and Bhutan, through trade and remittances channels, could  also  negatively  impact  growth in these neighbouring smaller economies.”",5
2813,"As of 12 June, some 124,002 suspected cases of cholera and 923 related deaths, had been reported, according to the World Health Organisation (WHO). Most of the deaths are of children under 15 and the elderly (those over 60) .Humanitarian partners fear the actual number of people affected may be much higher, as only 45 per cent of the health facilities are effectively functioning.",4
14,The severe recent drought has had a major impact on water availability for human and livestock consumption. The majority of the water points in the region still remain in Alert or Near-Dry status despite the rainfall season being close to its peak. Improvements are urgently needed knowing that the long dry season for Somalia and semi arid Kenya will last from June to October. The cumulative river basin rainfall remains below average in Kenya and thus far near average in Somalia. Good rainfall on the Shabelle river basin is essential for the irrigated crop production in Somalia. ,11
2959,"Up to 3.4 million Kenyans are facing hunger as a result of prolonged drought, which has affected food production. Millions of animals, both domestic and wild, are also suffering devastating effects of delayed rains. The most affected are 19 counties, mostly at the Coast, northern Kenya and Rift Valley, where rains have been inadequate for six years. In Kajiado County, up to 130,000 households and more than 600,000 cattle are at risk of starvation.",5
1419,"The government now needs to find ways to make maize production more attractive to more of the country's farmers, says Paul Zacharia, the executive director of the Zimbabwe Farmers Union.",0
4727,"While the number of mine casualties is on the rise, funding for mine action in Afghanistan dropped by 65 per cent over the past five years.After four decades of conflict, Afghanistan remains a sad example of the devastation wreaked by landmines. Even more concerning: Over the past five years, the number of civilian casualties has risen from 425 in 2012 to nearly 2,200 in 2017 or 180 casualties on average every month.",9
781,s. It is estimated that at least 44 schools (36 in Area C and 8 in East Jerusalem) have pending demolition or stop-work orders.,2
5228,"672,000 People in Need.ms, assessments show that the nutritional status of children 6 to 59 months is drastically deteriorating in certain specific sites. Catchment area/coverage of nutrition sites are more limited than expected.",8
10019,"On 27 January, heavy rains affected 86 people, 2 education centers, crops and roads. ",0
10996,"Another 10,000 people crossed over the border to Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and are staying in a makeshift camp there. The camp is in a remote area, two days’ walk from the nearest village. Pregnant women have to give birth in the bush. There is minimum shelter and few mosquito nets, increasing the already high risk of malaria. There is no clean drinking water or sanitation, and our local staff team there reports an increase in cases of diarrhoea.",7
3864,"He added that 13 cows and sheep burned to death, and 120 tons of groundnuts and 250 [100kg] sacks of sorghum were lost.",5
6280,"Despite improvement in rainfall during late March and early April, below-average rainfall accumulations since late February have resulted in moderate to locally strong moisture deficits in many parts of southern South Sudan, Kenya, southern Ethiopia, southern Somalia, and northern Tanzania. The outlook is not expected to improve abnormal dryness in Kenya",5
3186,"It is currently estimated that on 6 June, about 1,750 individuals were displaced from Ar-Raqqa governorate to Kisreh, Mhemideh, Al Mayadin and the Abu Kamal areas due to clashes between ISIL and SDF, and due to airstrikes. Some families are hosted by their relatives and friends, while others are staying in public spaces, such as mosques and schools, or vacated houses. SDF advances on Ar-Raqqa city beginning 6 June have displaced a total of 10,000 people from the city since the beginning of operations. Due to security concerns and access challenges, displacement movements remain difficult to track. This being said, displacement movement of some 3,500 individuals was registered from Al-Sbahiyeh, AlJazra and Ar-Raqqa city and are now hosted in make-shift camps in Al-Mahwakia village, an area under SDF control. These IDPs currently depend on unsafe water from the Euphrates river water and their own dry food stock, which they carried with them when they were displaced. The destination of other IDPs remains to be confirmed. GoS advances into the ISIL-controlled area in eastern countryside of Hamah, are expected to create additional displacement towards SDF-controlled areas in Ar-Raqqa Governorate.",3
10222,"Alarm as 21m livestock face starvation Dar es Salaam. As the drought scare continues in several parts of the country, the meteorological agency has revealed areas that received below average rainfall between October and December, further raising concern with regard to the survival of over 21 million livestock due to shortage of pasture and water.",5
1289,"As of 2 March, over 7,200 houses are reported to be damaged, of which 518 were destroyed. About 81 per cent of the damage is located in Surigao City and the neighboring town of San Francisco. Seven bridges are damaged, including Anao-aoan Bridge which collapsed, cutting off San Francisco. Villagers built makeshift stairs out of pieces of wood to cross the bridge, but vehicles have to detour downstream to cross the river. Local authorities are not allowing heavy vehicles to pass bridges which have sustained damage from the earthquake.",10
563,"Mr Phatta Bahadur Chhetri, division chief of the department of water supply and sewerage, said that many of the sewerage pipes within Kathmandu valley were also damaged during the earthquake.  “As a result, the sewage leaked through the water pipes and got mixed with stone taps. In some places it got mixed with the dug wells, affecting the water quality,” he said.",11
1926,"For shelter, priority needs include provision of emergency shelters (for new IDPs), temporary shelters (if displacement is to continue) and individual housing solutions where appropriate (as part of overall efforts to end displacement). Camp Coordination and Camp Management (CCCM) support is needed to improve the lives of those within camps and to prepare for life after displacement. NFI support is needed to meet basic household needs of affected people, notably newly displaced people.",7
10915,"U.N. aid agencies are struggling to meet the needs of refugees in eastern Cameroon as multitudes flee the renewed violence in neighboring Central African Republic. The population of the Gado refugee camp has exploded from just 1,000 refugees in January to 25,000 today.He says malnutrition and hunger are becoming public health problems for children from Central African Republic arriving in the camp. He says many of them under the age of 5 end up dying.Allegra Baiocchi, resident coordinator of the U.N. system in Cameroon, says despite the increasing number of refugees and shortage of humanitarian assistance, many refugees have continued to flee to Cameroon as the crisis escalates.",1
1818,"These losses could result in an increase in acute malnutrition in the coming months as food insecurity and high incidence of infectious diseases, especially diarrhea, represent the main contributors of malnutrition. Prior to Hurricane Matthew, Grand’Anse, Nippes and Sud departments had some of the country’s highest prevalence of acute and chronic malnutrition. Services for the treatment of acute malnutrition are no longer available in some of the affected areas. In 2017, countrywide, 15,145 children under 5 will face severe acute malnutrition (SAM), while 73,140 will face moderate acute malnutrition (MAM). Furthermore, an estimated 61,640 pregnant and lactating women and 86,295 children under 2 will require preventive actions, particularly in the departments affected by the hurricane.",3
11990,"Today, there is a wide variation in the extent to which Haratines maintain relations of servility and dependence vis-a-vis their historic “masters.” There are no reliable figures as to number of Mauritanians who live today in conditions resembling classic slavery and those who endure its modern forms, such as exploitative situations of domestic work and animal herding. Some scholars have argued that there are only “small pockets of slavery inthe country,” but there is a consensus that many of those who have escaped formal enslavement still live in conditions of extreme servitude and poverty.24",9
1821,"In 2016, the Ministry of National Economy indicated in its Economic Activities Report that 23 percent of the workforce in the Gaza Strip is employed in agriculture.",5
385,"The most important farming activity currently is weeding, which is demanding a lot of labor. Casual labor opportunities are therefore at the peak, which is helping the very poor and poor households obtain cash income to buy food. However, below normal wage rates continue to affect the potential income that very poor and poor household should be earning from casual labor. ",11
11574,"In Somalia, harvesting of 2017 Gu season cereal crops was almost completed in August/early September in southern parts of the country, while crops planted for the Gu/Karan season in northwestern regions are at varying stages of development, with the harvest expected from November. In southern Somalia, the 2017 Gu cereal production is estimated at 78 400 tonnes, including 2 400 tonnes of off-season maize harvest expected in September/October in riverine areas of Juba and Gedo Regions. The 2017 Gu season cereal production is 39 percent lower than the long-term (1995-2016 post-war) average and 13 percent lower than the 2012- 2016 five-year average (Figure 2). Belowaverage to poor rainfall, extended dry spell since mid-May, bird and pest attacks, and high cost of agricultural inputs have contributed to the reduction in the level of the 2017 Gu cereal harvest.",0
4992,"Unemployment in Gaza continues to rise and reached 46.6% in the third quarter of 2017, the highest it has been since Operation Protective Edge in 2014. This unemployment rate reflects what we know to be true in Gaza: there are less opportunities, especially for young people, and less hope for building better future for Gaza and for the region as a whole. Unemployment rose from 41% in the first quarter of 2017, to 44% in the second quarter of the year and has now risen to this new height. Unemployment is even higher among women and stands, like it did in the previous quarter, at 71%. Until 2016, women’s participation in the workforce had been steadily increasing. However, due to lack of work opportunities, the rate of participation of women in the workforce in the third quarter of 2017 was 21.9, compared to 70.8 for men. The increase in the unemployment rate is also caused by an influx of people searching for work, while fewer are successfully finding employment. Among young people between the ages of 15 and 29, the unemployment rate is 64.9%, compared to 61.9% in the second quarter of the year.",5
4436,"UNHCR also began distributing cooking fuel in the form of compressed rice husks (CRH). Last week, UNHCR and partners distributed the husks to over 18,000 families in the northern part of Kutupalong and Nayapara settlements. Each refugee household receives 19 kg of the fuel.",1
2967,"LGA: Kukawa          23-26 May 2017                      Movement: Spontaneous              Trigger: Improved security  Baga: 109 individuals (31 HH) came into Baga from Bonza in Kebbi State and Old Maiduguri, Gomboru Liberty in MMC and Jere respectively. Kukawa: 58 individuals (11 HH) returned to Kukawa from Monguno and Gwange 2 and Jajeri in MMC.    DTM & ETT Cumula?ve: IDPs = 17,304 ",7
559,"Movement along the Muyuka Kumba higway came to a standstill on Sunday after following heavy fighting between security forces and armed men. According to information from witnesses on the ground, the fighting started when some armed men blocke the highway around Mbalangi, leading to Kumba.  It took hours and tact for security sources to descend on the scene where heavy shooting started forcing villagers living along the way to flee into the bushes, sources told journalducameroun.com.  “We were stopped by the military at the entrance to Mbalangi as uncontrollable smoke has engulfed the village while there are heavy gunshots. More than 60 vehicles are stranded here at the entrance to town,” a source who left Douala for Kumba said.  Another source said they were told to stop by the military for precautionary motives and were only given the all clear to move after the situation was said to have been calm.  “We saw bone house burnt in the middle of other houses as well as two other motorbikes completely burnt and destroyed along the roadside,” a source said.  The situation was only brought to order in the late hours of Sunday evening but the casualty on both sides is yet to be determined though there was has material damage as a result of the stand off.",10
8329,The assessment  found  that 24 percent of all IDP households are  food insecure and  they  are  not able  to  meet  their essential  food  needs  without  engaging in atypical  coping  strategies.  The  food  insecure  households  have a poor  or  borderline  food  consumption and use a high share of their budget to cover food needs.,3
3554,"Need gaps: In 77% of locations, KIs indicated fuel among the top three most urgent needs. This was followed by 66% indicating lightning, and 52% the provision of shelter materials or tools.",7
10541,"Outbreaks of Fall Army Worm (a new invasive species to the region) were also reported in several northern regions, mainly affecting the maize crop. However, the impact on production is reported to be minimal.",6
3385,"The Yemeni economy is being wilfully destroyed. Preliminary results of the Disaster Needs Assessment estimated $19 billion in infrastructure damage and other losses equivalent to about half of GDP in 2013. Parties to the conflict have targeted key economic infrastructure. Mainly air strikes but also shelling and other attacks have damaged or destroyed ports, roads, bridges, factories and markets. They have also imposed restrictions that disrupt the flow of private sector goods and humanitarian aid, including food and medicine (see below). For months, nearly all basic commodities have been only sporadically available in most locations, and basic commodity prices in December 2016 were on average 22 per cent higher than before the crisis. ",6
3794,"EC experienced Flashfloods that have resulted to their ítems being totally wet/destroyed or lost. This includes: o Water kits o Hygiene ítems o Clothing o Bedding o And Partition – for cultural context, privacy and división is very important in the Maranao/Islamic culture, and the minimal partition tents/malongs provide are not suffice to begin with, after the flashfloods, now the IDPs do not have anything left to set up small spaces for changing clothes and/or",10
8052,"One million doses of an emergency oral cholera vaccine from a global stockpile have been approved for urgent use in Yemen, IRIN has learnt. It is the largest quantity ever deployed at once and is intended to help combat a deadly outbreak sweeping across the war-torn country.",4
9304,Table 3. 2017 Deyr IDP/Urban Nutrition Assessment in Somalia – Potential Contributing Factors (see table),8
2597,"Since the beginning of this outbreak second wave (from 27 April to 30 July 2017), 430,401 suspected cholera cases, and 1 903 deaths (CFR: 0.4%) have been reported in 21 of the country 23 governorates (91.3%), and in 88.9% of the districts (296/333).",4
7706,"As for dengue fever, more measures will be taken to contain the outbreak. Approximately 50,000 people have already been infected this year; 59 of them succumbed to the disease.",4
3049,"Former Northern Bahr el Ghazal state is facing severe food insecurity caused by high food prices and diminished household purchasing power. All counties except Aweil Center are experiencing Emergency (IPC Phase 4) acute food insecurity through July 2017. In former Western Bahr el Ghazal, a spike in armed conflict in the counties of Wau and Raga has disrupted trade, displaced populations, and destroyed livelihoods.",3
10667,"As at 12 March, 295,950 people are reported to have been affected, including 84,660 who are displaced. The number of deaths due to the storm has risen to 50 with 20 peoplemissing and 195 injured. The National Office for Disaster Risk and Management (BNGRC) and the Humanitarian Country Team (HCT) have activated the Multi-Hazard NationalContingency Plan 2016/2017.",10
6283,"According to results of the December 2017 SMART survey conducted by the NGO, GRAINES, nutritional status in Fizi, South Kivu continues to deteriorate with GAM and SAM rates at 13.9 percent and 4 percent respectively. This situation could worsen as agricultural households missed both recent agricultural seasons following violent clashes from September 2017 until February 2018, which left nearly 188,000 people displaced (OCHA).",8
9940,"According to Health Nutrition Development Society (HANDS), the overall health situation in Thar is reaching alarming levels due to rising temperatures and an acute shortage of safe drinking water. ",4
11306,"A total of 20,108 dengue cases have been reported nationwide from 1 January to 10 March, 2018 (Figure 5). This is 26% lower compared to the same period in 2017, in which 27,023 cases were reported.  ",4
10433,"According to sources, the ICRC's truck was laden with foods, medicines, furniture and blankets, which were en route to be delivered to the Libyan Red Crescent teams in Derna before Haftar's brigade had seized them.",3
1390,"Close to 800,000 children under the age of five are suffering from severe acute malnutrition in the Lake Chad region, including 450,000 in Nigeria, 247,500 in Niger, 63,000 in Cameroon and 22,000 in Chad.",8
933,"WFP’s non-governmental organization (NGO) partners Catholic Relief Services, Care International, and HIAMHealth, are mobilising communities and conducting nutrition education.  ",8
8091,"A joint mission to Yakoma and sorroundings (Yakoma territory, Nord-Ubangi province), was carried out on on 17 – 19 May 2017 together with local authorities, police and the army. Asylum seekers were hosted with local families and in abandoned hangars but they had insufficient access to water, sanitation, health care, food.",9
11501,"Two consecutive years of El Niño-related drought in southern Africa severely disrupted crop production and income-generating activities in many regions of Mozambique; the crisis peaked in early 2017, when more than 2 million Mozambicans were acutely food insecure.",3
3081,"The Myanmar Army, or Tatmadaw, ordered the three Kachin to transport food by motorbike into the jungle for soldiers who were serving on the frontline. They were released Wednesday morning after spending a night in the jungle, Naw Mai said.",9
2688,"Since 2011, Human Rights Watch has documented serious abuses against displaced communities in Mogadishu including forced evictions, sexual violence, and clan-based discrimination. Government and private actors have repeatedly forcibly evicted displaced communities without any redress. The Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) documented the evictions of over 153,000 people in 2017. ",9
3938,"People fleeing report that conditions inside ISIL-held areas are becoming critical. Food is increasingly scarce, and drinking water comes directly from the Euphrates River and is and untreated before use, causing illnesses. Healthcare is largely unavailable and only smuggled medicines are available at an exorbitant cost, reportedly leading to deaths among people with chronic diseases. Schools are not functioning and women must adhere to a strict dress code. Livelihood opportunities are minimal, and people are relying on savings and subsistence agriculture to survive.",3
7570,"Movements of people continue to be complex and diverse across Iraq. Military operations in Mosul are displacing increasingly large numbers of people, especially since hostilities began in the west of the city in mid-February. The majority is sheltering in camps and emergency sites where humanitarian assistance is being provided. In other parts of the country displacement has slowed: for example, the number of people leaving Hawiga has been declining since the start of the year and has shifted in recent weeks, with more people now heading to Salah al-Din than to Kirkuk. In Anbar, returnees now outnumber the number of IDPs two to one. Many people returning to their homes continue to need humanitarian assistance, especially in areas where there is a high level of contamination by explosive hazards and a lack of basic services.",7
4774,"It is envisaged that needs in the region will remain acute across all sectors, exacerbated by weak infrastructure and sub-optimal links with transitional and development interventions. At the national level, despite an average harvest season, an estimated 1.3 million people will require food assistance and 1.5 million will require nutritional assistance, including 247,500 children affected by severe acute malnutrition (SAM).",3
9038,"Departures continue to surpass arrivals at camps east of Mosul. Between 19 and 20 April, 161 families (801 individuals) arrived, mainly from west Mosul, while 281 families (1,452 individuals) departed, primarily to east Mosul. Families fleeing from west Mosul cited continuous insecurity, including in liberated areas, which are frequently targeted by mortar rounds. Lack of food, water and basic services were other reasons contributing to their flight.",10
5960,"The absence of fully operational public hospitals in Deir-ez-Zor governorate has heightened the vulnerability of civilians seeking medical treatment. As of 15 May, 289 cases of acute diarrhea in Deir-ez-Zor governorate have been reported since 10 March due to the consumption of unchlorinated water from the Euphrates river. On 18 April, the Directorate of School Health reported a measles outbreak especially among school-aged children. A measles vaccination campaign was launched in response to the 22 confirmed cases of measles detected in schools and 45 cases reported among children under age five. In late April, more than 383,000 children were vaccinated against measles in Hasakeh, Deir-ez-Zor and Ar-Raqqa governorates. From 22 to 28 April, 552 cases of Leishmaniosis were reported in Deir-ez-Zor governorate, which has spread largely due to lack of healthcare and health actors.",4
4197,"According to the International Organisation for Migration's Displacement Tracking Matrix, the total number of displaced people (refugees, returnees and internally displaced persons (IDPs) included) affected by Boko Haram violence in the Lake region of the country is estimated at more than 100 000. The local population is also impacted by prices hike and disruption of traditional trade patterns with Nigeria.",1
6014,"A suspected raid by the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen killed more than 20 civilians on Wednesday, the latest in a spate of deadly strikes by the alliance that have drawn condemnation from rights groups and aid agencies. Saba news agency, which is controlled by the Iran-backed Houthi rebels, said a vehicle carrying civilians in the town of Mawzaa, southwest of third city Taez, was hit in the raid.  It said 23 civilians, including six children and women, were killed in a suspected raid by the Arab coalition led by regional powerhouse Saudi Arabia and that six bodies were burned beyond recognition.",9
7604, Kenyan nurses have been on strike for over a week demanding a rise in pay and improved working conditions. ,4
1136,"Lack of livelihoods and comprehensive medical services in the camps are increasingly becoming the main reasons for departure from the Khazer, Hasansham and Chamakor camps compared to previous months when the lack of protection from the heat was another strong push factor. Protection partners interviewed 25 families who departed east Mosul camps and arrived at places of origin. All the families confirmed that their returns were voluntary, that they received their Identity cards (IDs) prior to departure. The majority of returns have been to east Mosul where IDPs report the availability of water, electricity, functioning hospitals and schools. Those returning to west Mosul neighbourhoods report that services are scarce. The need for a comprehensive strategy for IDPs and sustainable return planning is evident from reports of IDPs who return back to camps and interviews with IDPs who intend to remain in the camps. Both groups cite the failure to find livelihoods, lack of capacity to reconstruct their houses, and lack of financial means to pay rent in east Mosul as the reasons for returning or remaining in the camps.",5
11829,"Cholera incidence remains very high in the beginning of this year, notably in the provinces around the congo river, from Maniema to Equateur; and through Mongala and Bas Uele (Aketi) provinces. Case fatality ratio in these provinces are particularly high (Tshopo – 7.9%, Mongala and Ituri – respectively above 6%; Equateur and Bas Uele – around 5% each). Fi-nally, to be noted a notable decrease from Tanganyika province, even if Kale-mie area remains in outbreak.",4
3077,"Unprecedented levels of population displacements, together with reduced access to farming activities have caused a sharp increase of food insecurity in affected areas. Most of displaced people rely on the scarce resources of host communities for their basic needs including for food. Host families themselves, as well as other crisis-hit households, were unable to exploit their land because of fear of attacks, which resulted in the loss of productive assets, reduced incomes and food shortages. In addition, staple food crops prices Niger Chad Cameroon are extremely high due to inflation. Insecurity and related movement restrictions have disrupted transhumance flows and cross-border livestock trade. Local agricultural systems at large have been disrupted following destructions of farming and irrigations facilities, and reduced access for extension services. The number of returnees is expected to grow in 2017, thus increasing the need to restore improved livelihoods and revive the agriculture sector. The crisis is exacerbating the challenges faced by vulnerable farmers who were increasingly exposed to natural hazards including cyclical droughts and floods in the past decade. The concentration of herds due to changes in transhumance flows is putting pastoral resources under extreme pressure, and could threaten animal health. Special attention should be given to the health conditions of herds in the Niger and Chad following fodder deficits observed in the past months, as well as abundant rainfalls in some areas",3
7020,"In the town of Kikwit, in the western province of Kwilu in the Democratic Republic of Congo, more than 12,000 people are in an alarming humanitarian situation. These people, most of them women and children, have been on the move since March this year, when they were forced to flee extremely violent clashes between a local militia and national security forces, as well as the inter-ethnic violence affecting the neighbouring region of Kasai. They have found refuge with host families, in churches or in schools, where their situation remains extremely precarious.",2
11934,? Countries and territories reporting Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS) cases associated with Zika virus infection for the first time in the past week: ,11
2382,"In most assessed districts, it became cheaper in March compared to February 2017, perhaps a result of the local currency gaining value against the US dollar and the South African rand, which has allowed more traders to stock it. Nevertheless, rice prices remain way above the national five-year average and the March 2016 national average. The highest rice price at province level was reported in Gaza, followed by Tete. Within the provinces, retail prices were highest in the districts of Marara (MZN70.00/kg), Mabalane (MZN65.00/kg) and Chigubo (MZN61.67/kg). The high prices in Mabalane and Chigubo could be attributed to their distance from Xai–Xai district, where most of the rice is imported into the province, and inaccessibility of the roads caused by the rains, which has made it difficult for traders to transport their goods.",3
3703,"It is estimated that close to 300 migrants and refugees remain in the open, mostly in Belgrade area",10
7133,"Meanwhile, the MoH continues to implement measures to rationalize fuel. The 43-bed Psychiatric Hospital has decreased its bed occupancy from 70% to 32% and the hospital has also postponed all electroencephalogram (EEG) tests. Furthermore, key services in the remaining 13 public hospitals, such as elective surgery, sterilisation and diagnostic services continue to work at reduced capacity. ? Since the beginning of 2017, WHO has been following the waiting list for elective surgery1 . In February, the waiting time for elective surgery was 52 weeks; this is well beyond the MoH threshold of 24 weeks. Delays of necessary surgical interventions may involve a prolonged period of suffering and ill health and affects the psychological and social life of the patient. In some cases, this can lead to further medical complications. Figure 1 below shows the trend in the waiting time for patients in weeks.",4
6320,"Moreover, serious damage to water and sanitation systems is also expected.Hurricane Irma adversely impacted the Dominican Republic’s potable water system, thereby disrupting the provision of drinking water to communities and exposing them to potential waterborne and vector-borne illnesses. More than 60 aqueducts were affected according to official figures, and areas are still flooded. The flooded areas are placing the affected zones at risk to environmental to vector and waterborne diseases.",11
10811,"From epidemiological week (EW) 1 to EW 32 of 2017, three countries in the Americas reported suspected and confirmed diphtheria cases: Brazil (1 case), Haiti (80 cases), and the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela (123 cases). ",4
1565, The International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) and the Government of Djibouti today signed a financial agreement to address the serious impact of water scarcity facing Djibouti's rural people.,11
9569,"About 3% of the population can access the loan, this is so because the borrower need to be known by the lender and to avoid defaulters the owners only lend out to people they know",5
3521,"Mediocre performance of the 2017 rainy season in the Sahel has led to pasture and water deficits in many areas that will persist until at least July 2018.Mauritania and northern Senegal have been the most significantly impacted.The limited regeneration of pasture and water points led many transhumant pastoralists to begin their southward migration early, in September/October as opposed to November/December as they would in a typical year.2017 rainfed and 2017/18 irrigated off-season agriculture have also been significantly impacted in some areas.",0
171,Owners of land contaminated by mines and UXOs still have to pay land tax even though their land is unusable for agriculture or animal husbandry and therefore does not provide an income. There is no legal mechanism for recognizing the land as inaccessible and therefore tax-free.,9
7425,"The United Nations estimates nearly 25,000 civilians are trapped in the city. The agency has called on the U.S.-led coalition and SDF to increase their efforts to open safe corridors for the remaining civilians to flee.",9
1989,"North Korea said on Sunday it has detained another U.S. citizen on suspicion of 'hostile acts' against the state, which would make him the fourth American to be held by the isolated country amid heightened diplomatic tensions with Washington.",9
10908,"More than 100 people were evacuated in the Sidoarjo area of East Java on 22 November following a tornado that caused housing damage and destruction. Most of them were evacuated to an elementary school, while others left to stay with family members. By 23 November some of the evacuees were reported to have returned home",10
10556,National malaria co-ordinator Dr Joseph Mberikunashe confirmed the deaths in an interview saying they recorded 173 deaths and 119 000 malaria cases countrywide since the beginning of the year.,4
8156,"A total 2,941 refugees and migrants were interviewed by 4Mi in Libya, Niger and Mali between 1 June 2017 and 7 February 2018. • 68% of respondents encountered one or more protection incidents during this time. • A total 1,117 protection incidents occurred in Libya, accounting for 44% of all incidents reported to 4Mi. • Women are at greater risk of sexual violence. A total of 148 women encountered abuses including rape, indecent touching and verbal harassment. • A majority of men reported multiple physical abuses including torture, beatings, flogging and sleep or food deprivation. • Enduring multiple hardships, including dehydration, starvation and ill-treatment, at least 1,600 refugees and migrants died on the journey to Libya, of which 518 perished in desert areas of Sudan, Egypt, Niger and Libya. • As protection violations along migration routes continue to increase, protection assistance is insufficient and inaccessible to most. ",9
306,"in Ethiopia continued to be intense, 7.7 million people are in need of food assistance, the number is 2.2 million higher than 2016 due to continuous stress in water.Pastoralist communities in southern and south-eastern lowland areas have suffered heavy livestock losses and reduced access to food. More than 303,000 children are suffering from acute malnutrition. ",5
6269,"This influx has further strained resources for this marginalised refugee population. The expansion of existing settlements, the creation of new settlements, and integration into host communities creates pressure on host communities and service provision (IFRC 17/01/2017). Furthermore, for fear of detainment and deportation, many new refugees initially avoid accessing assistance provided, hiding in forests and little villages in and around Cox’s Bazar (Democratic Voice of Burma 14/01/2016).",1
2870,"On 22 May, armed conflict escalated further in Derna, especially to the west of the city. • Between 300 – 800 households have reportedly been displaced from Saida Khadija neighbourhood in the west as a result of the renewed conflict. A further 60 families have also been displaced from other neighbourhoods. • There are periodic closures of checkpoints and therefore people are not always able to enter and exit Derna, restricting their movement. • Humanitarian access to Derna is severely limited and no humanitarian supplies are reported as entered since mid-March. The most urgent needs are in the health sector, however protection concerns for civilians remain serious and the first food shortages are also being reported. Chronic shortages of fuel remain.",5
6842,"The victims included many members of the Tuareg militia National Movement for the Salvation of Azawad (MSA).   “The MSA is fighting the Islamist groups, which are composed mostly of Fulani,” Maiga said. “So these two attacks were reprisals against them. They want to transform the conflict into something inter-communal.”  ",9
7510,"The Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs, Mark Lowcock said that in field visits to Ngagam in Diffa – “the poorest region in the poorest country in the world” – and to Maiduguri, Pulka, and Gwoza in Borno state in Nigeria, he met “extremely vulnerable people” displaced by conflict. “Those people want to go home, they want a chance to rebuild their lives. But they want to do that when it’s safe to do so,” stressed Mr. Lowcock. About 1.8 million people in Niger are food-insecure. Some 800,000 children are affected by acute malnutrition and almost 250,000 people are either internally displaced persons, returnees or refugees from Nigeria, he highlighted.",5
8308,"Doctors across Mauritania on Monday launched a two-day nationwide strike with several demands including the improvement of hospital services and salary increase. So far, concerned authorities have made no comment. The strike, which began on Monday in Mauritania, has put hospitals on a standstill. Most medical services were completely suspended in health facilities with the exception of emergency rooms.",4
8453,"The Southeast of Madagascar (Livelihood Zone 19), that is already chronically vulnerable to food insecurity and poverty, was affected consecutively by multiple hazards this year: severe dryness since the end of 2016 and then floods following Cyclone Enawo in March 2017. This negatively impacted household livelihoods and crop production and lead to a current situation of Stressed (IPC Phase 2) acute food insecurity, in a month when the main harvest is taking place. In addition, the district of Vangaindrano was affected by a tornado in May, which damaged many fruit and clove trees. ",3
11367,"Food shortages are reportedly causing malnutrition among those remaining in westMosul. According to media reports, among the new arrivals coming from Mosul, a growingnumber of children are showing signs of malnutrition – most of them less than six-monthsold.Families who have managed to flee the city continue to report that food in west Mosul isin extremely short supply. Lack of potable water, electricity, and fuel are also frequentlymentioned by newly displaced families who recently arrived in camps east of Mosul.",5
10696,"Concerns were raised about the availability of water in Afrin town and surrounding communities as one out of the six purification basins of the water treatment plant outside of Doha village (known as Matineh and Matenli) in the northern parts of Afrin district was damaged on 06 February. This resulted in the temporary discontinuation of water services and a decreased of water being treated. Water is reportedly being pumped twice a week through the general network to Afrin city; other villages depend mainly on wells for water supply. This comes following the reported airstrikes near the 17 April Dam, which happened on 24 January. Electricity remains unavailable. Health facilities are functioning but they lack trauma kits.",7
4487,"Near average national maize supplies should ensure adequate household food availability for all wealth groups during the June 2016 to January 2017 period, except for a few localized areas in the north and south that faced shocks this season. Households started accessing food from their own production in March/April and are expected to be able to continue consuming own produced food up to the October to January period and some households even to the end of the consumption season in March 2018.  ",3
7655,"This includes all 220,000 severely food-insecure non-refugees, as identified by the National Socio-Economic and Food Security Survey conducted this year; 59,000 of the most vulnerable moderately food-insecure non-refugees living in families headed by women; and 35,000 poor nomadic and semi-nomadic Bedouins and herders living in area C of the West Bank.",3
3664,"We are in dire need of shelter, food, clothing and other basic household facilities because all our household properties were buried,” Mr Fred Wanyenya, one of the survivors, said.The victims also spend nights on the floor in temporary shelters made out of dry banana leaves.",11
6672,"Nearly all KIs reported that access to cash had been significantly reduced since the start of displacement from Sabratha. However, only one-quarter of KIs, all in Surman and Az-Zawya, reported that coping mechanisms were being used to compensate for a lack of cash. The most commonly reported coping mechanisms were purchasing food on credit and selling nonproductive assets.",5
9275,"“Most of the people who fled left all their belongings behind. They walked for days to escape the violence, and now they are in dire need of water, food, shelter and medical attention.” MSF has responded to the urgent medical needs of this displaced population by opening a field hospital with inpatient, outpatient and emergency services in Aburoch, where up to 15,000 people have settled.Two mobile clinics are also operating south of Kodok where part of the displaced population has settled. Over the past two weeks, MSF has provided an average of 300 consultations a day – six times the number carried out in Wau Shilluk hospital before the evacuation.",4
4339,A high rate of 17.6 per cent of Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) is recorded among Yemeni refugees residing in Markazi camp. ,8
4761,Herders and large-scale farmers in parts of Kenya’s Rift Valley are desperately waiting for seasonal rains to ease the prolonged drought and the current conflict over grazing land in which more than 30 people have died,5
10280,"“There are crop losses every year but it’s different this year,” Mustafa Jabbar, a leading IT entrepreneur who came from Brahmanabria, said in a press conference by Haor Advocacy Platform or HAP. “In previous years, we saw paddy grow even when these wetlands were under water. Some crops were still retrievable. But the shoots didn’t even appear this year. I have never seen a crisis like this.”  The group’s joint convener Sharifuzzaman said he noticed irregularities in embankment restoration projects during his visits to parts of Sunamganj in March.",0
2008,"More than 250,000 civilians have seen food supplies cut off by the latest round of violence in northern Arakan State, according to a major UN provider of humanitarian assistance, with hundreds of schools abandoned in the affected region.",2
4031,"Heavy rainfalls as well as onrush of water from the upstream Meghalaya hills in India have led to the inundation of a vast areas of croplands of Haors and low-lying areas of the northeast. Flood started on 28th March affecting six districts (Sylhet, Moulavibazar, Sunamganj, Habiganj, Netrokona and Kishoreganj) in the north east region. Rising water overflow and breeched embankment in many places and inundated vast areas of croplands. It destroyed nearly-ready-for-harvesting boro rice in about 183,795 hectors areas.",0
7934,"MSF is providing 24/7 emergency healthcare service which includes emergency OPD and emergency admission at the health post located in the Reception Centre. Intensive surveillance is ongoing in collaboration with the Woreda Health Bureau, ARRA and MSF. Deaths as well as diseases with epidemic potentials such as measles, acute watery diarrhoea (AWD) were not reported. In addition, routine vaccination was provided to newly arrived children under the age of five and women of reproductive age group.",4
1091," “The annual yield has fallen by more than half from 15,000 nuts last year to just about 6,000 nuts this year and the weight of the nut has taken a beating from 550 grams to 350 grams.”  Prakash attributes the yield drop and weight reduction to low water availability. ",0
2592,"Cumulatively, 5,995 cholera cases (36 new cases during the reporting period) including 146 deaths (case fatality rate of 2.44 per cent) have been reported from 14 counties in nine states since the initial case was reported on 18 June 2016. The probable risk factors fueling transmission include the use of untreated water from the River Nile and water tankers, lack of household chlorination of drinking water, eating food from unregulated roadside food vendors or makeshift markets, and open defecation/poor latrine use. These factors are being amplified by the economic crisis and restricted humanitarian access, particularly in the counties of southern Unity.During the reporting period, 12 new cases of cholera were reported from Yirol East county and 24 cases from Mingkaman IDP settlement in Awerial county, both in Lakes state. Additionally, suspected cholera cases are being verified/investigated in Duk and Ayod counties in Jonglei, as well as in Kodok, Upper Nile.There has been a reported surge of new cholera cases in the cattle camps in Duk County in Jonglei, which are being confirmed.",4
5664,"Generally, 53% of the service providers are based in the HF, while 47% are community based. As for distribution of health workforce, SD is having the highest number (3,635) followed by WD (2,482) then ND (2,162).   At HFs, Nurses and CHW constitute the majority of the health workforce, which is followed by the MWs then MAs, while the Village Volunteers represent the highest workforce at community level.   74% of the Public Health Officers are working in SD, while WD is having the least number of PHOs (10%), followed by ND (16%). WD is having the least number of MWs (13%), followed by SD (42%) and ND (43%).   At community level, 73% of the total CHPs and 44% of VTMWs are working in WD, followed by 28% CHPs and 42% VTMWs working in SD.",4
11166,"The impact of the drought continues to affect WFP’s implementation of programmes as government focuses on drought relief programme to reach the most vulnerable people.WFP’s focus in Namibia has shifted from food assistance to providing technical assistance to the Government. The aim is to strengthen national capacities to end hunger by improving the efficiency and effectiveness of food safety net programmes, such as school feeding and relief operations, and to enhance the Government’s capacity to assess, plan and respond to food security needs.",3
1306,"The state government has declared 566 villages to be suffering from water scarcity. The government last week started providing drinking water through tankers to 70 villages, and this number has now increased to 102 villages.",11
9571,"Result from rains and floods as June 6:   Piura: 547,006 children affected 1´678,446 people affected 147 deaths 57,270 collapsed/uninhabitable houses 330,341 affected houses 260 collapsed/uninhabitable schools 2,768 affected schools 68 collapsed/uninhabitable health facilities ",4
8809,"Parts of the country received heavy rains in late January, causing floods in some areas. This will temporarily alleviate water shortages for human and animal use in some areas, but the damage done to the Maha crop is irreversible and there is continued concern for the subsequent Yala season due to the still very low water levels in reservoirs (73 major reservoirs stand at only 28% of their capacity). ",3
2984,"“Heavy violence in the city of Ar-Raqqa is threatening the lives of children. UNICEF has received alarming reports that at least 25 children were killed and scores injured in Ar-Raqqa city.  “An estimated 40,000 children remain trapped in extremely dangerous conditions in Ar-Raqqa city. Many are caught in the crossfire.",9
9362,"The testimonies and reports on housing demolition, night raid, settler and soldier violence, and collective punishment perpetrated by Israeli forces in an intentionally discriminatory manner are still a daily occurrence in the lives of Palestinian women. The contributors to this report demand that Israel takes notice of the calls from the international community to engage with civil society institutions to implement processes which will improve the quality of life and human rights of Palestinian women for the future, and to promote peaceful dialogue between Palestine and Israel",9
7716,"Access to safe drinking water remained low in May. Only 57% of assessed settlements reported access to clean water (usually a borehole), a proportion comparable to previous moths (e.g. 58% in February). Of these settlements, the vast majority (98%) were able to walk to the water source, fetch the water and walk back within one hour or less. Access to safe drinking water has been reported lowest in Rubkona, Guit and Mayendit, compared to the other counties in Unity State. In May, only one third (33%) of assessed settlements in both counties reported access to safe drinking water, a proportion that has been consistently low since the beginning of the year (February: 32 % in Guit and 33% in Rubkona). Mayendit, on the other hand, saw a sharp decrease from 79% in February to 39% in May. In the absence of safe drinking water, people resorted to drinking water directly from the river, while in areas located far from the riverside, it was common to construct handdug wells during the dry season, as has been reported by FGDs. These forms of untreated sources of water may often be contaminated with bacteria or parasites, and lead to severe sickness and death.",11
5049,"Drinking water is reportedly entirely sourced from the Great Zab and Tigris Rivers. • The vast majority reported that the water they drink is untreated and unclean. Several respondents from Hawiga city reported that a water pumping station is operating on generator power. However they indicated this water is not filtered, and is only available for several hours per day. • As water is coming from the river, there is a constant supply – though it has to be brought from the river either by hand or in tanks. • A minority of respondents reported that some individuals are boiling water to treat it, though the vast majority reported that no one was treating their water in any way. • Most respondents reported that the water (for both drinking and general use) is causing health problems, including diarrhoea and skin conditions.",11
518,"n eastern Aleppo city, food prices decreased during the last week of December, as humanitarian access opened up",3
3430,"From 1 February to 28 February 2017, the United Nations Support Mission in Libya (UNSMIL) documented 11 civilian casualties, including 3 deaths and 8 injuries, during the conduct of hostilities across Libya. Victims included 1 child killed and 1 injured, 2 men killed and 5 injured and 2 women injured.",9
299,"“It will disrupt the planting season and may have a negative impact on food production,” he said.",0
2481,"Approximately 388 000 acutely malnourished children need urgent treatment and nutrition support, including 87 000 who are severely malnourished. Over 3.1 million people in Crisis and Emergency (IPC Phases 3 & 4) urgently need scaled up, sustained and integrated life-saving humanitarian assistance and livelihood protection support in order to prevent further food security deterioration. Livelihood protection and support is needed for nearly 3.1 million additional people who are Stressed (IPC Phase 2).",5
7692,"During my three-day visit I heard about the deepening poverty in Gaza. People are hungry, there is food in the shops but more and more people cannot afford to buy it. A man told me that one can buy a kilo of tomatoes for a shekel ($0.28) but many cannot afford even that. Schools are closed for the summer break and the streets are full of children begging. Ameen Sabbagh, Administrator of Caritas Jerusalem in Gaza, told me that he saw Caritas staff share their lunch sandwiches with hungry children. People are not starving but many are hungry.",3
11197,"Ferocious rainstorms severely damaged tobacco crops in Syria’s coastal province of Tartus in recent weeks, local farmers and officials said, threatening the livelihoods of thousands of people.Over the past three weeks, a series of storms bringing heavy rainfall and hail swept across government-held Tartus, local sources told Syria Direct, causing massive destruction to the tobacco fields in the province.“Low-lying fields were completely flooded,” Haitham Sliman, the head of a local farmers union, told Syria Direct on Tuesday. “And the large hail damaged the leaves of the tobacco plants.”A committee established by the Syrian government to assess the impact of the recent storm found that 90 percent of the province’s tobacco fields were damaged, state news agency SANA reported on Thursday.Tobacco is a central export for Tartus, where the crop is mainly cultivated around the towns of Banyas and Qadmous. Tobacco is a seasonal plant, usually planted in January, and farmers usually depend on the income of the harvest for the rest of the year. ",5
9181,"Iraqi security officials say a double suicide attack has targeted a wedding in a village near the city of Tikrit, killing at least 30 people and wounding 26 others.  The March 8 attack was at the village of Hajaj, about 160 kilometers northwest of Baghdad. ",9
9512,"In the town and in the surrounding localities 43,000 people are directly and indirectly affected by the flooding, which is 75 per cent of the entire Machanga district population, Tome Jose said. Of these, 18,000 need to be moved to safe areas. By Sunday morning 215 people had been rescued.",11
9169,A market in Dar Es Salaam was quarantined last Wednesday because authorities suspected an outbreak of the highly contagious disease. ,4
5549,"Since 19 Jan, heavy rains in Tumbe resulted in 8 PIN and 1488 affected, houses collapsed and damaged, 2 schools and 1 health center affected",2
10916,"The complex humanitarian and protection crisis in the Central African Republic that began in 2012 continues to cause suffering and instability. In 2018, an estimated 2.5 million people, including 1.3 million children, will be in need of humanitarian assistance. Nearly one in four Central Africans is displaced, with 600,000 displaced internally and 538,000 living as refugees in neighbouring countries. An estimated 1.1 million people are moderately or severely food insecure, and in 2018, an estimated 37,281 children under 5 years will suffer from severe acute malnutrition (SAM). Less than half of all children are fully immunized. Of the 1.7 million people without access to safe water, 800,000 are children. With the upsurge in violence, the recruitment and use of children by armed groups increased by 50 per cent between 2016 and 2017. Due to insecurity, approximately one in four children is out of school.",2
7588,"More than 60,000 citizens in Pibor County in South Sudans Boma State are facing shortages of food as a result of a failed agriculture season and poor harvest last year, a local official said.",3
3624,"Yesterday I was there and that was all rolled up. The animals that we left and that were part of our livelihood, ate them. We lost many things, 'he says and claims that no one has accompanied them or noticed the five displacements they have suffered.",5
10089,"1.4 million people in Greater Aweil are trying to cope with failed harvests, crop pests, hunger, disease, and exhaustion.",3
819,Impact in Barbuda is severe as the eye of the hurricane passed five miles north of the 35 square mile island. Ninety per cent of all buildings are reported as destroyed or severely damaged. Telecommunication systems in the island are down and power supply remains off across the island. One fatality is reported.,7
59,"Heavy flooding across Costa Rica has displaced thousands and disrupted critical water and sanitation services, leaving more than 500,000 people without drinking water across the country.A state of emergency has been declared in the provinces of San Jose, Alajuela, Cartago, Heredia, Guanacaste, Puntarenas where flooding has destroyed more than 124,000 hectares of land.",11
10491,"A large majority of KIs reported that non-consumable NFIs (non-food items), particularly winter clothing, blankets and heaters, were widely needed but either unaffordable or unavailable in markets. Consumable NFIs were more easily accessible, with the exception of sanitary pads and baby diapers. Cooking fuel and batteries were reported as unavailable or unaffordable by over half of KIs in Al-Ajaylat, but rarely in other assessed baladiyas.",7
10757,"Amid ongoing fighting between the Myanmar military and the Kachin Independence Army, about 2,700 people from Zai Awng/Mungga Zup camp in Waingmaw Township (Kachin State) relocated to makeshift shelters around Hkau Shau IDP camp. Urgent needs include food and other relief supplies, education support and shelter. Health is a major concern due to the winter weather and the limited shelter available. Local organizations are providing a range assistance with support from the UN and INGOs. 3",1
2321,"Additionally, around 2,700 schools nationwide are closed down, 64 roads and highways, railways and boat traffic is shut down or traffic is restricted.",2
1923,"The needs vary from one household to another, and at this stage many of the most immediate needs have been met, and people are trying re-build their lives. However, with many households already being vulnerable before the flood, and losing all of their assets, these households will be in a very difficult position to do so. As a result of the floods, the needs continue to be wide",5
4280,"Female focus-group participants describe primary barriers to generating income as being lack of capital, low technical skill level (i.e. few have skills or experiencing in activities such as tailoring, catering). Male focus-group participants said that insecurity was the primary barrier to engaging in income-generating activities. ",5
6586,"Farmers in the Oshikoto Region are hopeful that this year they will have a good harvest despite the outbreak of worms in their fields in recent weeks.One of the hopeful farmers from Omuthiya, Esther Clonelius, who has been very busy weeding her three fields, says a part of one of her fields, situated a few kilometres outside Omuthiya, is already infested by unidentified worms.",3
799,"The lives of some 2,500 Palestinian patients are currently “in danger” after the Palestinian Authority (PA) government in Ramallah stopped the transfer of patients from Gaza for treatment abroad, the Gaza Strip’s Ministry of Health warned yesterday.“Treatment requests of 2,500 patients are still suspended at the Referral Abroad Department (RAD) in Gaza awaiting approvals,” the ministry’s spokesman, Ashraf Al-Qidra, said in a statement.",4
1826,Thousands of protesters in Guinea Bissau's capital on Saturday demanded President Jose Mario Vaz step down to resolve a political crisis that has paralysed the coup-prone West African country. ,9
156,"As at 12 March, 295,950 people are reported to have been affected, including 84,660 who are displaced. The number of deaths due to the storm has risen to 50 with 20 peoplemissing and 195 injured. The National Office for Disaster Risk and Management (BNGRC) and the Humanitarian Country Team (HCT) have activated the Multi-Hazard NationalContingency Plan 2016/2017.",10
4434,"Sweeping regional waters, Arab Coalition Forces command said Saudi royal navy joint forces detecting a number of maritime mines on Yemeni coasts near the Red Sea port of Midi. ",9
4624,"Access to food and markets has reached a critical low, with residents relying heavily on food stored previously to survive. Only a bare minimum of food is sporadically available to purchase from conflict traders and smugglers at inflated prices.",3
500," Protection concerns define this crisis. Between 17 October 2016 and 14 January 2017, 1,587 civilians were referred to Erbil’s main hospitals from Mosul city due to trauma injuries, primarily from gunshot wounds and indirect fire. More trauma stabilization points are urgently needed, particularly near frontline areas.",9
6096,"During June, 11,228 cases of AWD/cholera were reported from 45 districts in 15 regions, a decrease from 13,656 cases reported in May. Across these same geographical areas, deaths have decreased from 77 in May to 68 deaths in June. Cumulative cases of cholera since January 2017 in these 45 districts are now recorded as 56,628.",4
10025,"The ongoing Deyr/Hagaya (October to December) season in southeastern Ethiopia has performed better in many areas compared to recent seasons. However, substantial improvement in food security among southeastern pastoral and agropastoral households is unlikely in the near term. Substantial time and favorable performance in upcoming seasons is needed for households to reconstitute livestock herds and recover their key livelihood activities, followingvery high excess livestock deaths and sales due to drought in 2016/17. ? Food security among poor households in Belg-dependent areas of SNNPR (Segen, Wolayita, Gamo Gofa, Gedeo) will deteriorate from Stressed (IPC Phase 2) to Crisis (IPC Phase 3) during the February to June 2018 lean season, as a result of poor Belg harvests in 2017 and high staple food prices. Elsewhere, the number of people in need of humanitarian assistance will begin to increase in some Meher-dependent areas of eastern Amhara, southern Tigray, and eastern Oromia with an early onset to the June to September 2018 lean season. Overall, humanitarian assistance needs are expected to peak at approximately 5.5 million people between February and May 2018.",3
1377,"Simultaneously, the neighboring Afghanistan has emerged as Irans next target to expand its influence and shape its future.",9
4871,"Measles outbreak is reported from Wajir and Mandera Counties, with 24 cases (6 confirmed) reported in Wajir East sub-county. Most affected age group is under 5 years (42%) and nine cases (38%) are above 14 years.",4
6258,"During the three months of humanitarian response to hurricane Matthew, access and humanitarian presence have continued to improve and to reach increasingly aected populations with life-saving assistance. Road network progressively opened and damaged road infrastructures were cleaned up. ",6
1912,"around 5,000 households were reportedly affected and in Maniche, where around 50 families have been displaced in temporary shelters in the national schools of Melon and Dory.",10
11984,"Poliomyelitis: On 13 February 2018, the Ministry of Health declared a public health emergency regarding 21 cases of vaccine-derived polio virus type 2. Three provinces have been affected, namely Haut-Lomami (8 cases), Maniema (2 cases) and Tanganyika (11 cases). The outbreak has been ongoing since February 2017.",4
3996,"800,000 people are in Stressed (IPC Phase 2) and 2.6 million are in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) and in need of urgent humanitarian assistance. KFSSG indicated that the Stressed (IPC Phase 2) population is likely to move to Crisis (IPC Phase 3) over the next few months",3
10823,At least four people have been killed and 15 others injured in a suicide bomb attack on a university campus in northeast Nigeria,2
1376,"Since the beginning of the outbreak (on 4 April 2018), a total of 50 confirmed/probable EVD cases and 25 deaths (case fatality rate 50.0%) have been reported, as of 30 May 2018. Of the 50 cases, 37 have been laboratory confirmed and 13 are probable cases (deaths for which specimens were not obtained). Sixty-two percent (23) of the confirmed cases came from Iboko, followed by Bikoro (10 cases, 27%) and Wangata (4 cases). Of the 25 deaths, 68% (17) occurred in Bikoro, five (20%) in Iboko and three in Wangata. A total of five healthcare workers have been affected, with four confirmed cases and two deaths.",4
3672,"Much of the huge stock of wheat meant for free of cost distribution among deserving Thari families has been destroyed or badly affected by rains, pests and weevils, it is learnt. The stock was meant for distribution in the 11th phase of the scheme launched by Sindh Senior Minister for Food and Parliamentary Affairs Nisar Ahmed Khuhro on June 24. It was announced that the revenue and food officials concerned would distribute wheat bags weighing 100kg each among 287,964 families living in around 2,500 villages of Tharparkar district that had been facing a drought-like situation due to poor rainfall over the past few years. ",3
814,"In Somalia, Gu (March to June) seasonal rainfall performance was below average, particularly in central Somalia, harvest prospects are very poor in southern Somalia. During June, rainfall has been seasonally light and mostly concentrated in southern Somalia. Particularly in central Somalia, regeneration of pasture and water resources as below average, and herd livestock herd sizes are expected to remain below average through at least the coming several months, following excessive sale and deaths of livestock this year.",0
583,"In Inhambane province, devastated on 15 February by cyclone Dineo, more than 670 tonnes of seeds are needed to recover from the devastation. The figure comprises 200 tonnes of maize seed, 288 tonnes of tubers, 102 tonnes of legumes and 260 kilograms of vegetable seeds. The cyclone devastated more than 30,000 hectares of crops and 140,000 fruit trees in Inhambane, leaving 112,513 families – 550,691 people – vulnerable and killing seven people and injuring 101.",0
3038,"The heating system for most people depended on boilers in the basements, which have been destroyed. With the rains forecasted, and the upcoming winter, this remains a major concern",7
8520,"The Technical Secretariat for Food Security and Nutrition’s Vulnerability Assessment Group (SETSAN/GAV) conducted a food security assessment in March in seven provinces through structured household interviews and community focus groups, along with visits to local markets to assess staple food prices. SETSAN/GAV determ ined that the overall level of acute food insecurity has deteriorated since November 2015, estimating 1.5 million people in need of humanitarian assistance. Tete is the province with the highest number of people in need (334,413), followed by Sofala (329,022), Zambézia (254,379), Gaza (202,282), Inhambane (129,827), Maputo (123,960) and Manica (92,484). However, the assessment does not provide any breakdown based on severity and/or timeframes. Overall, in six of the seven provinces (except Zambézia), SETSAN found that more than 98% of households had no cereal reserves and less than 10% were hoping to harvest some cereals. The majority of households had made at least three planting attempts, exhausting seeds for the upcoming second season and for the 2016/17 agriculture season. Dietary diversity has fallen since November, and on average 41% of households have an 'inadequate' food consumption score. Based on a rapid mid -upper arm circumference (MUAC) survey, global acute malnutrition (GAM) prevalence is critical in Tete and in Sofala Provinces (greater than 15%). FEWS NET participated in Tete Province, and the most vulnerable households with low or no income were resorting to wild foods at a higher frequency and for more prolonged use.   Based on the assessment results, SETSAN recommended prioritizing the provision of food assistance in areas with acute food insecurity needs since last year, which include the southern provinces of Gaza and Inhambane and parts of the central provinces of Sofala, Manica and Tete. SETSAN also recommended providing seeds for short-cycle crops for areas receiving late rainfall, and prioritizing nutritional rehabilitation interventions for Tete, Sofala, Manica, and Inhambane Provinces.  ",3
6908,"After months of teacher stirkes, schools have resumed in Chad: in Goz Beida, Eastern Chad, school in camps are offering catch-up courses to make up to the 202 class hours missed by the students during the teacher strikes. UNHCR is supporting the initiative with school didactic materials. ",2
8249,"One child died and six others fell unconscious. The child may have died due to the cold, according to the Balochistan Provincial Disaster Management Authority Director General Aslam Tareen.",7
381,"Voda Donbasa has informed the WASH Cluster that the pumping station of the 1st lift of South Donbas Water pipeline was under shelling (19:00 on 11th March 2017). Several missiles hit the territory of pumping station. Currently, there are no reported any damages or injuries. ",11
2817,"Lunar New Year celebrations have been disrupted across Peninsular Malaysia as several waves of flooding triggered by seasonal heavy rains have affected have affected nearly 15,000 people across 6 states.As of today, nearly 7,800 people remain in evacuation centres. Johor and Pahang States have been particularly hard hit",10
770,"WFP seeks to assist 220,000 poor severely food-insecure people as identified in the National Socio-Economic and Food Security Survey (2016/17): 140,000 in Gaza and 80,000 in the West Bank, as well as 35,000 seminomadic Bedouins in Area C of the West Bank. Funding permitting, WFP will also reach 59,000 of the most vulnerable moderately food- insecure households headed by women. All targeted populations live below the national deep poverty line on less than USD 3.2 a day.",3
823,"Ineffective drainage systems in the capital are causing the flooding. Ironically, making matters worse, it came as the water supply to the capital has been disrupted because of electrical problems at the Hasawna water fields near Sebha which shut down the pumps. The Man-Made River authority said that the disruption had begun yesterday.  According to one source the power was affected by a sandstorm.",11
9600,"After the Eid El Fitir holiday that ends today, the schools are scheduled to open their doors again for the new school year. However, the National Epidemiological Authority (NEA) has called on the government to postpone the start of the lessons until the health situation in the country has improved.  In a statement on Tuesday, the NEA said it considers the opening of schools in the current circumstances a serious risk to the health of the students.  “Full school classes may constitute an additional factor to the spread of the epidemic, in such a way that the government will not be able to control it any more,” the NEA stated, and called on the parents to press the authorities to postpone the opening of the school year.  The Democratic Teachers' Association as well urged the Sudanese to pressure the Ministry of Education in peaceful demonstrations to postpone the opening of the schools. In a statement they said they hold the government “fully responsible for any health disaster resulting from the opening of schools”.",2
4170,"While the overall nutrition situation has improved according to the Integrated Phase Classification (IPC) for Acute Malnutrition conducted in February 2018, the levels of acute malnutrition remain at Critical levels (Phase 4; GAM WHZ 15.0 - 29.9 percent) in Turkana Central, North, West and South, Tana River, Wajir North, North Horr and Laisamis sub-counties. In addition, Isiolo and Kajiado reported a Serious nutrition situation (Phase 3; GAM WHZ 10.0 -14.9 percent). Narok county was classified as Alert (Phase 2; GAM WHZ ? 5 to 9.9 percent) while Kilifi, Kwale, Kitui, Makueni, Mbeere and Tharaka were Acceptable (Phase 1; GAM WHZ <5%) (Figure 1). The nutrition situation is projected to remain in the same phase in Turkana and Wajir North while a deterioration is expected in Isiolo, North Horr, Laisamis, Tana River and Kilifi due to the scale down of the emergency response interventions including Blanket Supplementary Feeding Program (BSFP) and integrated health and nutrition outreaches during the projection period (Figure 2).",8
2696,"The conflict has put pressure on an already dire and deteriorating economic situation. Most IDPs, returnees and host communities report up to a 50 percent decrease in income since the escalation of the conflict in 2012. They now rely on the state salary for 40 percent of their income.",5
11686,Eating once a day   Getting loans to buy food   Some girls are prompted to start prostitution due to food related problems,9
10941,"While the majority of the IDP population resides in hosted or rented arrangements, a sizable segment have had to resort to more precarious shelter options. 21%1 (413,190 IDPs) of those displaced have opted – likely as a last resort – to reside in collective centres (CC) or spontaneous settlements (SS).",10
3571,"The province of Equateur covers an area of 130 442 km2 and has an estimated population of 2 543 936 people, it has 16 health zones and 284 health centers. However, the affected health area of Bikoro covers 1,075 km2 and has a population of 163, 065 inhabitants. It has three hospitals and 19 health centers, most of which have limited functionality. Medical supplies are provided by international agencies, but stockouts of medical supplies are common. The village of Ikoko-Impenge is located 45 km from the central office of the Bikoro area and is not accessible by road, and falls outside the telephone network. However, there is an airstrip 8 km from Bikoro.",4
10679,"Between 1 and 8 October, some 95,000 men, women and children were reportedly displaced to 60 locations within the Governorate, as well as the nearby Governorates of Al-Hasakeh, Ar-Raqqa and Aleppo due to fighting. Fifteen thousand residents in the city of Al-Mayadeen and surrounding areas are reportedly without access to health services following a string of reported airstrikes on the city which have rendered all hospitals and medical points in the city inoperable.",4
10668,"UNHCR welcomes the decision by the Libyan authorities to set up a “transit and departure facility” in Tripoli for people in need of international protection.This initiative will facilitate the transfer of thousands of vulnerable refugees to third countries. The main objective is to speed up the process of securing solutions in third countries. These solutions will include resettlement, family reunification, evacuation to UNHCR-run emergency facilities in other countries, or voluntary return, as appropriate. At the facility, UNHCR staff and partners will provide registration and life-saving assistance such as accommodation, food, medical care and psychosocial support",1
5992,"Thanks to the efforts of the authorities, UNHCR and the humanitarian agencies in Serbia over the past several months, around 85 per cent of refugees, asylum-seekers and migrants living in the country are now accommodated in heated government shelters.",10
3254,"The rate of stunting in under-fives in Bangladesh has fallen to 36 percent from 45 percent in 2000, official figures show, partly due to a growing economy which has helped lift some 20 million people out of poverty over the last two decades.  But more than 5.5 million Bangladeshi children under the age of five are still affected by the condition. A 2016 survey by UNICEF and the Bangladeshi government shows the poorest children are disproportionately affected with 40 percent of children in slums who are stunted, compared with the overall urban average of 26 percent. UNICEF's Narayan said progress was hampered by the government's focus on development through infrastructure.  ",8
7743,"As of 30 March 2017, the DTM has identified 3,058,626 internally displaced persons (509,771 families) displaced after January 2014, dispersed across 106 districts and 3,648 locations in Iraq. For the same period, DTM has identified 1,639,584 returnees (273,264 families).",9
6417,"507 families being displaced in Hadibo and Qalansiyah. Communities living in Badahola have evacuated their areas as reportedly they have been surrounded by flood water. The majority of the affected population (90 per cent) are hosted in schools, with the rest staying in other government buildings.",2
2004," Integrated approach in the 16 targeted communes of the South: Since October 2017, in coordination with other actors present in the South and South-Eastern regions, WFP began implementing a complementary set of programmes including Food Assistance for Assets activities, MAM prevention and school feeding in areas which experienced an improvement in their food security situation, to strengthen the resilience of these communities. For greater impact, the approach will be maintained in these areas for at least two years. As part of the FFA programme, 195,505 people are being assisted through food and cash-based modalities.  WFP’s response to cyclone AVA: Tropical cyclone AVA made landfall on the eastern coast of Madagascar causing 29 fatalities and displacing 17,000 people from their homes.While the Government provided an initial response, the support of other organizations including WFP was sought. WFP supported the Disaster Risk Management Authority (BNGRC) to conduct drone and aerial assessments. At a later stage,WFP provided unconditional food assistance to 11,790 cyclone affected people in Ampanefy/Soavina (surroundings of the capital which were heavily flooded), and, south-eastern district of Farafangana (both lightly conditional Food Assistance for Assets, and unconditional food distribution).  Fall Army Worm (FAW): FAW was first reported in Madagascar at the beginning of November 2017 in five municipalities of two districts (Tulear II and Morombe) in south-western regions. The crops at risks are maize, black eye peas, groundnuts. Under the leadership of the Ministry of Agriculture, a Task Force assigned to the fight against FAW proliferation was established in January 2018. To date, the presence of FAW is reported in 14 out of the 22 Regions of Madagascar. Most of them are major food crop producing areas. About 250,000 hectares of maize fields are at risk in the affected regions. During the second half of February 2018, FAO will commission an expert assessment mission to support the Ministry of Agriculture in analyzing the FAW situation in the country.",3
10608,"Humanitarian actors have identified three areas of intervention to respond to the urgent needs arising from the ongoing protests: providing immediate life-saving healthcare; monitoring, verifying and documenting possible protection violations; and scaling up the provision of mental health and psychological support for people injured or otherwise affected.",4
7005,The survey also found that some children have to walk longer distances to fetch water and bring firewood. Parents and children want access to education and more safe places for children to play.,9
6354,"Madagascar’s 2017 staple food production is expected to remain below average levels.The ongoing main rice harvest will be less than 90 percent of 2016 levels as unexpected early season dryness resulted in a late start to the planting season. Maize and cassava production will see a modest recovery but similarly remain below average (Figure 1).Rice imports will continue to play an important role in staple food supply over the coming months.  In March, Cyclone EWANO hit northeastern Madagascar and traveled almost the entire length of the Island, flooding agricultural fields, damaging household food stocks, and disrupting trade corridors. Households in the most severely affected areas of Antalaha,Maroantsetra, and Brickaville are increasingly dependent on markets, as supply of key staples remain limited.",3
7469,"UNHCR, the UN Refugee Agency, is concerned about growing violence in parts of south-eastern Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), which has driven more than 3,360 refugees into northern Zambia since 30 August. This is the largest influx of Congolese refugees into Zambia in the past five years. UNHCR is worried that the insecurity in the DRC may lead to further displacement. The refugees and asylum-seekers are escaping inter-ethnic clashes, as well as fighting between Congolese security forces and militia groups. Those arriving in Zambia report extreme brutality, with civilians being killed, women raped, property looted and houses set alight. They are mainly from the DRC provinces of Haut-Katanga and Tanganyika.",5
212,"Access to healthcare is limited. The Assad Hospital is reportedly partially functioning, while the military hospital and a medical facility in the Al-Qasour neighborhood sometimes accept patients. However, all three facilities remain unable to satisfy the demand for medical support in Deir-ez-Zor city.",4
3241,"The continued movement of Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) and Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF) into disputed areas like Makhmur (Erbil Governorate), and Zummar and Rabia sub-districts (both in Ninewa Governorate) has resulted in displacement from these areas amidst fears of escalating conflict, acts of ethnic victimisation and looting. In Makhmur, displacement and secondary displacement continued this week from Debaga camp (south east of Mosul) and also from areas in the vicinity of Makhmur District Centre when Kurdish Security Forces (KSF), ISF and PMF started targeting each other with mortar rounds. Fleeing Kurdish families headed towards Erbil city, while camp based displaced populations moved towards other governorates including Kirkuk, and to camps located in the south of Mosul such as Qayyarah Airstrip, Haj Ali, and Jad’dah due to the proximity to their areas of origin should the fighting cease. While humanitarian actors continue to respond, humanitarian services have been negatively affected by frequent checkpoint closures and clashes causing even more families to contemplate leaving the camp towards what families perceive to be safer areas. UNHCR partner teams continue to provide protection monitoring and protection services in Haj Ali and Jad’dah camps. However significant gaps remain due to persistent challenges related to militarization of a number of camps located in the south of Mosul and the associated protection risks that are unresolved despite high level advocacy. The most significant challenges relate to gender-based violence and targeting of vulnerable families from recently retaken areas. Since the tensions escalated on 15 October, at least 19 Kurdish villages have emptied in Zummar and Rabia with people moving towards Zakho and Sumel in Dahuk Governorate. According to local authorities approximately 2,500 families have fled. In addition, humanitarian actors operating in these areas have withdrawn staff and suspended services due to security concerns. A number of fleeing families have sought accommodation with relatives and friends but protection monitoring has also revealed that a number of families have sought shelter in substandard accommodation, unfinished buildings, fields, parks, and empty schools. Local and international humanitarian actors have been on the ground providing necessary support such as food and non-food items to the families.",10
10644,"The basic needs of affected people including WASH, non-food items and shelter have been addressed in the relief phase. Crucial needs were the replenishment of the relief items, provision of water storage tanks to enhance storage capacity at household level, and hygiene promotion to address the risk of water and vector borne diseases. The operation also addressed a gap in knowledge and skills on disaster preparedness for response in targeted schools. The most needed interventions in the province of Binh Dinh were livelihoods, including in the form of multipurpose cash transfers (for target households to obtain food and meet other immediate needs) and livelihoods recovery (cash for obtaining seeds or cattle such as breeding cows and rice buffalos)",1
1087,"Socotra: Evacuated and affected people are in need of NFIs, food baskets, shelters, drinking water, medical supply and first aid kits.",3
6501,"As of 3 rd June, 66 patients injured in the demonstrations have applied to exit Gaza through Erez Crossing for health care. The status of their permits are as follows: o A total of 22 applications were approved (acceptance rate of 33 %, which is significantly lower than the overall rate of 60% for the first quarter of 2018) o 33 were denied (denial rate of 50%, which is significantly higher than the overall denial rate of 8% for the first quarter of 2018) o and 11 patient applications were still pending. ? Jordan has coordinated the evacuation of 30 injured patients through Erez to receive treatment in the Jordanian hospitals: 7 were evacuated on 20th May and 23 were evacuated on 23rd May. ? Another 22 injured patients tried to cross Rafah terminal for treatment in Egypt: 12 were permitted to cross and 10 were returned to Gaza.",4
2047,"As per local experts, any further rise of the water level would submerge huge swathes of agricultural land along the river and could potentially damage the Tabqa Dam , which would have catastrophic humanitarian implications in all areas downstream from the Tabqa Dam . ISIL forces seized control of the Tabqa Dam from the Free Syrian Army (FSA) fighters in 2014. Tabqa Dam, also known as Euphrates Dam, is an earth-filled dam, located some 40 kilometers up-stream from Ar-Raqqa city.  ",11
7250,Access to health care services still remains a challenge due the ongoing insecurity in the country,4
8396,"A harsh new property law implemented by the Syrian government effectively deprives thousands of people displaced by the ongoing conflict of their homes and lands and potentially destroys evidence of war crimes it has committed, Amnesty International said today.Passed in 2012, Legislative Decree 66 allows the Syrian government to demolish informal settlement areas in Damascus and Damascus Countryside to convert them into urban development zones with residential blocks, markets and public spaces. Under the new regulations passed in Law 10 in 2018, once a development zone has been designated, the authorities must publicly notify home and land owners, who have only 30 days to assemble the necessary paperwork and claim their property.With more than 11 million Syrians displaced, either within Syria or living as refugees in other countries, this is likely to be a near impossible feat for many of those affected. According to research by the Norwegian Refugee Council, barely one in five Syrian refugees have title deeds in their possession. Twenty-one percent said their documents had been destroyed.“If enacted, this law could be used to implement a breathtakingly efficient feat of social engineering. Thousands of Syrians – mostly those in pro-opposition areas or who have sought refuge abroad - risk losing their homes because their documents are lost or destroyed. The law does nothing to guarantee the rights of refugees or displaced people who fled for their lives and fear persecution if they return to their homes,” said Diana Semaan, Amnesty International’s Syria researcher.",9
191,"Several extremist Israeli colonists pumped, on Monday evening, sewage water into Palestinian agricultural lands in the al-Khader town, south of the West Bank city of Bethlehem. Ahmad Salah, the coordinator of the Popular Committee against the Annexation Wall and Colonies in al-Khader, said the colonists, from Efrat illegal colony which was built on illegally confiscated Palestinian lands, flooded the farmlands in Wad al-Byar area with sewage water, destroying a large area planted with grapevines. He added that this serious assault was not the first of its kind, and expressed concerns regarding the spread of diseases besides the destruction of plants and trees.",11
6852,"22 DEC: There are unconfirmed reports from Jaysh al-Islam that Assad Coalition forces used toxic gas, most likely chlorine, against their fighters on the frontlines near the Homs-Damascus highway by the besieged community of Douma in Eastern Ghouta.  (GhoutaGMC FB-AR, @jaishalislam-AR, @TNTranslations)",9
458,"After two years of reduced cereal crops due to El Niño, cereal output for 2016 is estimated at close to 4.2 million tonnes or 16 percent above last year’s drought-reduced level. The increase mainly reflects larger rice and maize crop outputs. Improved maize yields in the second half of the year, due to the dissipation of the El Niño phenomenon, also contributed to the increase in cereal output.",3
4245,"The shelter situation particularly for those living in spontaneous sites has worsened significantly with the degradation of already rudimentary shelter solutions. In some locations families are living in caves in the mountains due to security and lack of adequate shelter or in rudimentary emergency shelters in spontaneous sites that lack even the most basic facilities like water, Sanitation, health nor offer protection from the extreme heat and rain. Families renting continue to face eviction overcrowding and threats to their personal safety as their shelters often do not offer adequate protection. IDPs living with host families or rented accommodation continue to impoverish themselves and their hosts as they sink further into poverty",10
332,"The five camps of Tawila in North Darfur also complain of poor medical services, lack of medicines and severe deterioration in environmental sanitation",11
5367,"November 2017= 100,000 to 500,000 in IPC 3 or higher. Lean season from April to August 2017, with needs higher than last year and the 5 year average",3
6760,"Earlier in 2016, the rainy season brought a brief lull to the fighting in the south, but now it is over and there is a return of hostilities between the warring sides. Families have resumed their migration to find safety across the border.",9
3392,"The South Darfur child prosecutor’s agency received 35 reports of rape against children in the state in April and May, according to a statement by the Ministry of Justice. ",9
5333,"Habibo Farah Awil, 40, used to earn a living from buying and selling livestock in the Somali refugee camps in Dadaab in north-eastern Kenya, but the widespread drought has put paid to her small business and left her in deepening debt.",5
11476,"A seasonal increase of acute watery diarrhoea (AWD) has been reported in Cox’s Bazar among Rohingya communities who have crossed from Rakhine state, Myanmar. There is no evidence of a cholera outbreak, although this remains a concern.",4
4629,"Socotra: 550 families in Hadibu and 53 families in Qalansiyah were evacuated to schools, mosques, government buildings and relatives’ houses. Seven people died and 8 sailors are still missing.",2
3964,"Since the beginning of the second wave of the outbreak (from 27 April to 16 July 2017), 351,045 suspected cholera cases, and 1 790 deaths (CFR: 0.5%) have been reported.",4
4006," IDPs continue to leave the district, and are exposed to very serious risks during their flight. IDPs report the presence of IEDs and mines along the way, and families being attacked or kidnapped as they escape. Over 16,000 persons have fled the district during the past two weeks. Most of them are accommodated in camps in Kirkuk, which are now full, while others reached Salah al-Din Governorate, where they are sheltered in Al Alam 2 camp (built by the Iraqi Government), and in the host community.",9
7881,"In April 2017, three medical facilities were attacked which resulted in the disruption to services and several casualties including the deaths of three patients and four paramedics.",4
4036,"The number of contacts requiring follow-up is progressively decreasing with many completing the required follow-up period. As of 6 June 2018, a total of 619 contacts were under follow up, of which 91% were reached on the reporting date.",4
8742,The most reported coping strategies used by refugees and migrants include reducing the quality and the number of meals. Respondents having access to networks of family members and friends reported borrowing money or food when in need.,5
6993,"In the absence of security, smuggling and trafficking networks have proliferated and wield considerable power. At smuggling hubs, migrants are held captive and experience inhumane conditions.",9
11541,Two portable water quality testing kits have been provided to partners DPHE and World Vision to monitor the quality of water at the source and at household level in the camps,11
7964,"Improvements in imports of food in May led to better supply and availability in local markets across most governorates. Though availability of fuel improved in some governorates, scarcity persists in most areas. Retail prices of food commodities slightly increased by 1% in May compared with April, and 38%-99% higher than pre-crisis. National average prices of diesel and petrol declined in May by 1.8% from previous month; and a reduction observed on prices of cooking gas due to authorities’ imposition of low prices to be applied by suppliers. However, prices of fuel commodities were 74%-116% higher than pre-crisis. The average cost of the monthly minimum food basket in May slightly rose by 1%, still 65% higher than in pre-crisis period. The Alert for Price Spikes (ALPS) indicator for most basic food items and the cost of food basket persistently maintained their crisis levels in May 2018.",5
3611,"The Government of Bangladesh have kept their borders open to enable people to seek safety and to allow the international community to provide the required humanitarian assistance.  While access is limited, Australian NGOs who have had a long-standing presence in the region are able to provide lifesaving support to those in greatest need.",9
4096,"Ongoing measles outbreak in IDP camps in Borno state, predominantly among non-immunised children, as a result of  inadequate routine measles vaccination with peak transmission between October and March.",4
10305,"A storm in Maiduguri, on May 6, caused significant damage in 27 IDP camps, destroying around 362 shelters and partially damaging around 831 shelters, 26 latrines blocks and 114 education facilities (108 in Borno and 6 in Yobe). With the onset of the rainy season a flood vulnerability mapping was carried out in the IDP camps in Borno and an estimated 59 IDP camps (out of 164) are at risk of flooding, potentially affecting 70,5862 households (328,000 persons), including 66,000 children under five. The shelter and camp coordination sector is working on drainage issues in camps and UNICEF is prepositioning dewatering pumps to sites with high risk of water-logging. ",10
4061,46702 displaced or homeless due to floods in Pernambuco,10
2298,". Out of the 47,500 inhabitants in Bria, 41,409 people have been forcibly displaced. Within few days, at the quest of security, the population flooded in an uninterrupted stream towards seven main spontaneous IDP sites. Among them, the site created in the vicinity of the MINUSCA base is the largest and to date shelters a total of 23,969 people. The newly displaced add up to 3,000 people who were already on the site since the upsurge of violence of 21 November 2016.On the sites, during the rainy season, the most urgent need is the availability of shelters.",10
7730,"The survey confirmed that sanitation conditions were substandard and the centres were, worryingly overcrowded, increasing the likelihood of the spread of infectious diseases. This was compounded by the fact that health-care services were not available, leaving women and girls unable to access feminine hygiene products or medicines. It was estimated that 20 per cent of the detainees were women.",10
6618,"The governor of Tonj, one of South Sudan’s newly-created states, Akec Tong Aleu, has released two senior area politicians who were arrested in 2016 for meeting rebel leader, Riek Machar.Akec Tong Aleu (ST Photo)Andrew Kuac Mayol and William Wol Mayom Bol have been in detention for more than six months after Tonj state government suspected them of changing political allegiance from the ruling party (SPLM) to the armed opposition faction",9
4778,"Boma’s Minister of Local government, Simon Gain, told Radio Tamazuj today that local residents in Pibor are currently facing hunger.“Yes it is true. There is no food because the little brought by the traders is finished,” he said.v A local resident complained about the rise in prices owning to scarcity of food commodities at the market. “A sack of maize flour is sold at SSP 20, 000,” he explained.He blamed a lack of rain, which has resulted in a poor harvest.",3
1001,"Displaced people, including those displaced as a result of the presence of Islamic State and military operations in Sirt have some of the most severe needs. They have fled their homes, lost their assets and are currently living with little support, protection or coping mechanisms, and thus face significant risks. The vast majority (84 per cent) are located in major cities, hosted by relatives or local communities. Benghazi (18 per cent), Misrata (12 per cent) and Tripoli (11 per cent) are the top three provinces with the greatest concentration of IDPs. Displaced people are in urgent need of non-food items, shelter, medical support and food.",1
4971,"An inter-cluster mission was conducted by humanitarian partners to inform the response in recently retaken areas in Hawiga. Whereas almost all families are reported to have returned to villages in Al-Zab and Abbassi sub-districts, there has been limited returns to the towns of Al-Zab and Abbassi as essential services such as drinking water, healthcare, and schools remain scarce in those locations. Reportedly, civilians are not yet allowed to enter Hawiga town as the security situation is still fragile",11
83,"Except for Thang Phun subdistrict, where more than 1,000 homes remain submerged in deep floodwaters. Its residents rely on boats to get food and drinking water. Farms have been destroyed, forcing cattle ranchers to move their herds onto roadways. ",0
4962,"A majority of respondents believe Dominicans are unprepared for the 2018 hurricane season (03);Respondents are undecided on whether the lives of Dominicans have improved since the hurricane (014). Among those who say life has not improved, widespread homelessness and outstanding home damage are cited as the main reasons for negative responses;Half of respondents say they have not been able to resume their jobs or livelihood activities (Q13). Unemployment and financial hardship are reported by 70% of respondents as a reason for people leaving Dominica (015);More than a third of respondents do not think that their most important needs are being met (Q4), the majority of them call for financial assistance;There is a downward trend of people feeling treated with respect by relief workers (Q12).Just under half of respondents do not think that support is going to those who need it most (Q9). Participants of the quantitative survey as well as the focus group discussions report that patronage plays a role when aid is distributed, and discrimination based on political affiliation is an issue. Respondents call for independent, non-governmental supervisory bodies to help determine who receives support and oversees distributions;Information provision to affected communities on available support has not improved across the three rounds of data collection (Q1). Many respondents assert that aid providers are not coming to the people with the relevant information, and the lack of phone and internet service is preventing them from accessing information (Q9);Respondents say they would like to receive information about available support during face-to-meetings with providers and through phone calls (Q2);Most of those interviewed do not know how to make complaints about the support they are receiving",5
9056,"Social organizations and victims made an urgent call for the government of Mexico City to correct deficiencies and irregularities in the attention of affected people. A report presented on 22 November highlights abuses and rights violations committed in shelters by those in charge, such as strict times of departure and entry (in some cases equivalent to semi-seclusion conditions); lack of medical and psychological care; difficulties to access food; discrimination against resident indigenous communities and peoples affected in the City and the absence of authorities to safeguard human rights. Out of 48 shelters opened after the earthquake on 19 September, only 6 are still open. (",4
2180,": The most recent assessment from UN-Habitat, the United Nations Human Settlements Programme, confirms that extensive damage has occurred in western Mosul.More than 1140 housing sites have been destroyed across the city",10
6018,"Military operations to retake areas under extremist control have begun in west Anbar, east Shirqat and Hawiga. The deteriorating protection environment in Anbar governorate was further characterized by forced returns of IDPs from east Anbar camps by security actors, and confiscation of identity documents (ID) which were not returned before the IDPs were relocated. In anticipation of the 25 September Kurdish independence referendum, many IDP families from Kirkuk fled to Salah al-Din Governorate and parts of Diyala Governorate under Government of Iraq control. UNHCR and partners responded to overcrowding in Salah al-Din camps, and advocated against the installation of a screening site in Al-Alam 3 camp.",9
6643,"ADRA is providing urgent food and shelter for the displaced Rohingya refugees. Many of those who fled Myanmar arrived in Bangladesh with only the clothes they were wearing, and minimal food. Now they are stuck in muddy, crowded refugee camps – desperate for safety and lacking basic necessities. ",3
2448,"Although more research is needed to understand what is happening to separated and unaccompanied children in Libya, we know that some end up in detention centres with no adult supervision or support.18",9
2698,"Green harvests which started in February/March will extend into April, improving food availability and diversity. Despite the good rains this season, crop yields in the cereal-surplus northern areas will be slightly reduced due to heavy rains, leaching, and fertilizer shortages. Nonetheless, average harvests are still expected in May. Demand for casual labor opportunities will be below normal due to liquidity constraints and average yields for payments (cash and in-kind). For poor households, own production will last up to September and beyond. Crop sales are expected in most areas. B",5
685,"Based on statistics about the scope of land cultivation outside of built up areas in the Ramallah governorate, it is estimated that there are nearly 11,000 dunums of cultivable land within the area controlled by Talmon-Nahliel. Assuming free access were possible, the cultivation of this area along the same models observed in the rest of the governorate (in terms of irrigation and variety of crops), and assuming the same rates of return, would generate an output of approximately $2.3 million a year.31 This is a conservative estimate based on existing very limited irrigation and excluding other significant income-generating activities such as herding. However, given the severe constraints on Palestinian access to this area, only a tiny portion of this economic potential is being realized. ",0
5860,"People living in shelters are the main concern. To date, 31,288 people are living in shelters across the country, including an estimated 13,370 children. This population is distributed in 205 shelters (3,342 tents) located in eight departments, of which the vast majority, housing around 50% of the affected population, are in Piura. Water, sanitation, food, and protection are the key problems in this context. Additionally, there is a greater risk that children and women will be exposed to violence and abuse. To date, just in Piura 296 case of violence (113 in San Pablo, 76 in Santa Rosa and 107 in Tambo Grande) were reported among the people living in shelters.",10
11605,"In eight of the country’s 13 regions, global malnutrition rates have surpassed the 15 per cent emergency threshold. Malnutrition has also increased significantly in the past year: 2.3 per cent of children under 5 are suffering from the most severe form of malnutrition. Global acute malnutrition has reached 10.9 per cent. Some 119,000 children and 4,700 pregnant or lactating women will require nutritional assistance. Low access to water and sanitation services further aggravates malnutrition.",8
3758,"A communique issued by leader Pierre Yves Bassong on May 12, 2017 says the May 15 to 17 strike will be followed by another action on June 12 to 14 if their demands are not met. ",4
479,The food pipeline for refugees in Dadaab and Kakuma is only secure until the end of September. ,3
4399,"Insecurity continues to disrupt livelihoods, leading to four consecutive years of below-average production in conflict areas",5
2328,"First widespread monsoon rains over upper Punjab, including Lahore, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Sindh and Gilgit Baltistan on Wednesday and Thursday proved a great relief against the extremely muggy weather the people braved during the first two days of Eid even though it carried with it problems like landsliding and flooding of low-lying areas. Heavy rain disrupted routine life in Karachi, sending low-lying areas inundated with accumulated rainwater. The first spell of the monsoon rains lashed the port city Wednesday evening and a large area of the city plunged into darkness as hundreds of feeders of K-Electric tripped. ",10
9511,The National Intelligence and Security Service (NISS) has forbidden newspapers in Sudan from publishing any material related to the fuel crisis that has impacted the entire country for several months. The NISS ban includes writing about protests and demonstrations or “negatively writing about goods”.,9
4755,"He said about 10 inches of snow had accumulated on ground around Jawahar Tunnel areas but the real problem is continuous landslides and shooting of stones triggered by incessant rains in Ramban sector which is hampering the efforts of early restoration of the highway. Debris had accrued at Battery Cheshma, Anookhi Fall, Panthyal and Digdol areas during the night completely blocking the highway, he said, adding despite rains and snowfall the road clearance operation is in full swing.",6
10075,"A humanitarian emergency has been declared in Catatumbo (Northeast Colombia) following an escalation in armed confrontations between the EPL (Ejercito Popular de Liberación) and ELN (Ejercito de Liberación Nacional) and a two-weeks lockdown on transport, schools and businesses in the area, forced by armed actors. According to OCHA, over 145 000 people are affected by the deterioration in the situation, with restrictions on their mobility and limited access to livelihoods and basic services, including over 6 500 newly displaced and 4 000 people belonging to the Barí indigenous community suffering confinement.",5
3417,"Three quarters of child participants in the study said they had experienced harassment, aggression or violence by adults. Most of the child respondents had suffered verbal or emotional abuse, while about half experienced beating or other physical abuse. Girls reported a higher incidence of abuse than boys.Most of the women and children who suffered such abuse did not report it to the authorities. Many participants cited their fear of being deported or placed in detention centres, and their feelings of shame and dishonour, as reasons not to report sexual violence.  ",9
1290,"Some traders in Chipinge reported that they were no longer stocking maize meal because demand had fallen as rural populations started consuming food from their own production. The mean price of sorghum was down by 13.26 percent, sugar beans by 4.84 percent and cooking oil by 2.69 percent in the sampled markets, compared to February.",3
11498,"Fires sparked by pro-government bombardment of agricultural land in Syria’s rebel-held northwest are costing farmers tens of thousands of dollars in damages, local officials and residents told Syria Direct.",5
5561,"The Dollo Somali region of Ethiopia borders Somalia and Kenya. Due to its proximity to the Somali border, it has received refugees who fled Somalia due to war related persecution during 2009 and 2010 while refugees due to drought related reasons crossed into Ethiopia during 2012 and 2013. The state of Ethiopia is signatory to the 1951 UN convention. The state department ARRA and UNHCR Sub Office in Melkadida undertakes joint registration of refugees in the Dollo region. There are five camps in the region namely Melkadida, Buramino, Hilaweyn, Kobe and Bokolmayo, as shown in the Fig 1.   Fig. 1   The combined registered population of all the camps is 210,930 individuals (98,248 M and 112,682 F) comprising 39,123 households. The main areas of origin for these refugees include Gedo, Bay and Bakol. Majority of the refugees are Muslims of Sunni denomination.   ARRA, UNHCR and partners are providing basic needs and services to the refugees living in camps since their onset. In order to plan for different sectoral interventions and also use consultative approach for prioritization of interventions, ARRA, UNHCR and partners undertake annual   8    consultations through PA. These discussions provide qualitative information such as issues concerning refugees, their perspectives and suggestions. In 2016, PA was conducted with the support of 17 organizations. In order to complement the findings of the PA, the quantitative data from different assessments such as education assessment2, HIS3 (Health Information System) and other sources such as registration data by UNHCR, return intention survey data were also used for the purposes of analysis in this report.  ",8
7539,"The Niger Ministry of Health notified WHO on 12 April 2017 of an outbreak of hepatitis E in Diffa region located in the east of the country. The outbreak emerged on 09 January 2017 when clinicians at the Centre Mere-Enfant de Diffa started admitting pregnant women with acute jaundice syndrome. The initial case-patients presented with headaches, vomiting, fever, conjunctivitis, pelvic pain, and memory loss. The initial differential diagnosis was yellow fever, however, hepatitis E was later considered in light of the preponderance of pregnant mothers to the disease and the ongoing outbreak of hepatitis E in neighbouring Chad.  According to the Regional Director of Public Health in Diffa, 72 cases of acute jaundice syndrome including 17 deaths (case fatality rate of 23.6%) were reported by 10 April 2017. All 17 deaths occurred among pregnant mothers. Over 70% (52/72) of the case-patients and 100% of the deaths were reported from the Centre Mere-Enfant de Diffa while 20 case-patients and zero death came from Diffa district health care.",4
8290,45 per cent of Syrian 0-5 year olds are not accessing proper health services including vaccinations and disability services,4
9964,"In the Diffa region of Niger, UNICEF explains, some 150,000 people are living in makeshift shelters and will be exposed to heavy rains and unsanitary conditions.",11
827,"Thousands more people are fleeing Mosul every day since Iraqi troops began their push into the last Islamic State-held areas of the city last week, with food and water running out and the fighting killing increasing numbers of civilians.  More than 22,000 people have fled Mosul since the U.S.-backed forces opened a new front in the northwest of the city on May 4 to try to finally dislodge the militants, the United Nations said on Wednesday, citing Iraqi government figures.",10
10928,"Denied adequate housing, earthquake survivors have acquired other problems over the past two years, including high debts. Furthermore, as a local hospital has confirmed, living in informal shelters has put people at risk of grave health consequences, including respiratory illnesses, and injuries from snake bites.",1
10743,"Gaza has a population of 1.9 million people, of which 1.3 million are refugees or decedents of those forcibly displaced during what Palestinians call Nakba meaning “Catastrophe”, or otherwise known as the day Israel was established, 70 years ago. Half of those in the Strip today are under the age of 18, and are living in what is in effect an open-air prison. Gaza has been under constant air, sea and land blockade for over a decade and it’s people are suffocating. Health and education facilities have completely deteriorated. Even life essentials such as food and water are scarce commodities. Travel permits are given under exceptional circumstances, like severe illness, only and often not even then. Gaza’s children are not only deprived of their childhood but also their future. Most Palestinian children have lived through the brutalities of at least one offensive, and many know nothing else. But the vulnerability does not end there. As we have seen during the latest wave of protest, children who want noting more than to live in freedom and dignity, are being exposed to continuous danger and grave violations like killing and maiming. They have been repeatedly shot in the leg, arms, chest, and head. Hundreds have been hospitalized in recent weeks.",3
7211,"Water shortages have been reported in different parts of the country as drought conditions continue to deteriorate. According to humanitarian partners, some areas are already experiencing stress induced migration of pastoralist communities in search of water and pasture. Affected communities are also being forced to dig trenches along riverbeds in search of water that is not contaminated. This has raised concern among humanitarian actors, regarding the possible outbreak of waterborne diseases. ",11
2744,"According to a recent National Nutrition Survey by the Food and Nutrition Research Institute (FNRI), about one million Filipino children suffer from acute malnutrition.",8
667,Context  Overview  Politics and Security  Stakeholders  Economy  Society and Community  Hazard developments  Lessons learnt  Key events  Risk  Population Profile  Humanitarian Profile  Population movement  Demographic Profile  Population with specific needs  Casualties  Communication  Communication means  Information Challenges  Information needs  Information gaps  Humanitarian access  Relief to beneficiaries  Beneficiaries to relief  Physical Constraints  Humanitarian access gaps,9
11570,"Most of the areas suffering water shortages are located in Tihamah which is a Red Sea coastal plain stretching from the Gulf of Aqaba to the Bab el Mandeb Strait, government official Hibatalllah Saghir Sharim told Asharq Al-Awsat.",11
1472,"Like Rose, more than 60,000 refugees have crossed the Ubangi and Mboumou rivers in the past five months, fleeing the war-torn CAR for neighbouring DRC. Many are settling in remote river communities, with their home villages still in sight across the water but out of reach for those who do not want to risk their lives.On the Congolese side, some villages have grown to four times their original size due to the refugee arrivals and life is hard. “The children are dying, and we do not even know why,” says Philomene Gerekanda, traditional chief of the village of Lembo Rive in DRC in which refugees have set up huts next to the houses of locals. There is a lack of health services, not enough schools and not enough drinking water.",4
11915,Another human rights leader was killed on 19 Feb in Cauca,9
9218,"Even though access to health care is improving, there is still a lack of safe water and consequently a risk of waterborne diseases and epidemics.",4
3669,"AFP cases were reported during this week, (3) cases from Deir-ez-Zor, (3) cases from Damascus, one case from Dar’a, and one case from Aleppo.  50) Suspected Measles cases were reported during this week; mostly from Lattakia (8) cases, from ArRaqqa (9) cases, and from Damascus (7) cases. ",4
398,"The widespread flooding has damaged five government installations, 218 roadsand 59 bridges.",6
9611,"Over the past five years, food insecurity rates ranged from 25 to 30 percent during the lean season. Global acute malnutrition rates are also high in children aged 6-59 months and above the WHO emergency threshold of 15 percent (SMART) in some departments, especially during the lean season.",3
9674,"Civilian movement was extremely limited due to the high intensity of bombardment. This reportedly impaired people’s ability to access basic services due to extensive damage to hospitals and schools; markets, including food and fuel; and sufficient amounts of water.",11
10331,"According to local media, as of 30 January at 7.00 UTC, at least 77 643 people have been affected, of which 52 147 in Northern Mindanao and 25 496 in Caraga, and at least 500 houses have been damaged in Caraga.",10
11791,"Access to sufficient safe drinking water  is a challenge for drought  affected communities. Individual water  consumption has dropped to just three  litres per day from 7.5 litres, well below  the lowest SPHERE minimum standards",11
9596,"Final findings from WHO's Health Resources Availability Mapping System (HeRAMS) in 16 governorates show that out of a total 3507 surveyed health facilities, only 45% are fully functional and accessible, 38% are partially functional and 17% are non-functional.",4
482,"He noted that the case fatality rate of cholera is 1.9 per cent, with an emergency threshold of 1 per cent. Those numbers are expected to double at the end of next month, as the overall numbers jump due to the start this week of the rainy season.",4
11520,"A Muslim resident of Ngan Chaung told The Irrawaddy by phone that villagers were being prevented from leaving without a recommendation letter from the village head.“We have been stuck here for almost seven months. We have no access to health care in town, no freedom of movement and no education for schoolchildren,” he said.The man said the village was spared the arson attacks of late 2017 but added that nearly 5,000 residents had fled fearing arrest, leaving only about 700 people behind.",4
10194,"In Brazil, through EW 44, 2017, they were reported 39 suspected cases of diphtheria, distributed in 13 states of which 5 were confirmed (1 laboratory confirmation, 1 clinical and epidemiological criteria and 3 clinical judgment). Regarding the vaccination status of confirmed cases, laboratory - confirmed case was not vaccinated; while for the remaining cases, two had full vaccination scheme and the others were not vaccinated.  With regard to the distribution by age and sex of the confirmed cases, these were presented in an age range between 4 and 51 years and include three men and two women.  There was one fatal case, corresponding to the case confirmed by laboratory and imported from Venezuela. No secondary cases related to this case and no new imported cases were reported in the country.",4
7816,Farmers of El Bargeeg and El Dafufa projects in the Northern State have complained about the delay in wheat harvest because of the fuel crisis and the lack of harvesting machineries which is threatening the winter season with failure.,7
7871,"In a 15 December 2017 statement after his visit, Quintana said that many North Koreans have been reduced to sheer economic survival, and civilians in the countryside “live a life marked by arduous forced labour, with a total breakdown in the basic services meant to be provided by the state and people being left to fend for themselves”. He also stressed that the potential adverse impact on human rights and the livelihoods of the population have to be considered in the design and implementation of international sanctions.",9
9384,"n. Well over one third of Syrian refugee households reported borderline to poor food consumption (38% in 2017, an increase of six percentage points over 2016), shrinking the proportion of households that had acceptable food consumption with the use of food-related coping strategies. Dietary diversity also deteriorated: 21% of households reported low dietary diversity (compared to 14% in 2016) and only 18% reported high dietary diversity (compared to 23% in 2016). Infant and young child feeding practices also worsened, with declines in the share of exclusively breastfed infants under the age of six months, and both insufficient complementary feedings and a significant worsening of dietary diversity for children aged 6-23 months.",3
10989," About 230 houses had been swept away or collapsed, while 245 others had been damaged and 340 hectares of rice have been submerged by floodwater. Nearly 400 households had to leave their homes to safer places. — VNS",10
6434,"Between January and September 2016, 247,480 children with severe acute malnutrition were admitted to the national Community Management of Acute Malnutrition programme. Out of these, 19,920 children (8 per cent) were admitted to in-patient care.",8
10020,"Some of the displaced people looking for water in Aburoc (Philippe Carr).Some humanitarian organisations in the area are starting to leave as they move to other emergencies. But the community still needs their support, as life in Aburoc is unsustainable without the provision of food, water, shelter and medical care. Even now food rations are so low, many IDPs have to find alternative ways to eke out an income to buy the essentials. Some as daily labourers for NGOs, others make and sell charcoal. It is not uncommon to hear of widowed women distilling and selling the local moonshine, called Marrisa, for a few South Sudanese pounds.",10
9364,"The outbreak of fall armyworms - an invasive Latin American species which is harder to detect and eradicate than its African counterpart - has erupted in Zambia, Zimbabwe and Malawi and follows a crippling El Nino-triggered drought which scorched much of the region last year",0
7870,"Food security has largely stabilized, except in Eastern Lowlands livelihood zone where below-average harvests are expected in January due to poor rainfall. Some households are expected to be in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) by late April/May 2017",3
6996,"Al Shabaab restricted humanitarian assistance operations and prevented locals from leaving its strongholds in Somalia to seek aid, backtracking on a more lenient policy adopted earlier this year. Nearly six million Somalis rely on humanitarian aid efforts after a catastrophic drought pushed the country toward famine.[1] Al Shabaab initially responded to the crisis by distributing its own aid and allowing selected aid organizations to access drought-impacted communities in areas under its control.[2] The group reverted to a harsher policy after May 2017 that includes abducting aid workers, burning food, and executing civilians who seek aid outside of the group’s jurisdiction.[3] The posture may be to ensure that al Shabaab continues to be able to extract resources from aid flows into its strongholds.",3
3095,"In February 2017, 3,367 Eritreans arrived in Ethiopia, according to Ethiopia’s Administration for Refugee and Returnee Affairs.There are around 165,000 Eritrean refugees and asylum seekers in Ethiopia, according to the UN refugee agency. Thousands more Eritreans live in the country outside the asylum system.“Sometimes we get more than 120 people a day,” says Luel Abera, the reception coordinator at Adinbried. “The stories I hear are very sad: pregnant women delivering on the way, people shot at or wounded, hungry and hurt children.”",10
2023,"Acute respiratory infections (ARI) and malaria continue to be the major causes of morbidity, at 32 and 24 per cent respectively. Diarrhoea accounts for 16 per cent of total consultations",4
7879,".The Karamojong region in northeastern Uganda is the most marginalized and vulnerable region in the country. Home to cattle-herding nomads, Karamojong has been trapped in a cycle of conflict for generations as warriors have battled the government—and each other—for cattle and survival.  Droughts have increased in severity and frequency over the years, leading to chronic food insecurity and widespread economic hardships in the region, just like in many other districts in the arid and semi-arid areas of the country. Prolonged droughts have led to drying of crops and grasses for animals that form the basis for the region’s livelihood.",3
400,"In a report published yesterday, the Sudanese Journalists Network marked an increase in violations of press freedoms amounting to 58 cases in the fourth quarter of the last year.The report pointed out that the most prominent violations were arrests, detentions, summons, prosecutions, and confiscation of newspapers.The report monitored 38 confiscations of a number of newspapers in addition to arrest and summoning of 11 journalists in Q4.",9
9328,"During the first two months of 2018, the Israeli authorities demolished or seized a total of 70 Palestinian-owned structures across the West Bank. On average, this is the same number of monthly demolitions recorded in 2017 (35), and around one-third of figures recorded in 2016 (91). Around 30 per cent of the structures targeted in 2018 were residential and 81 people were displaced. The remainder were livelihood-related or public structures, including two school classrooms. An assessment by humanitarian actors of the education sector indicates that 44 Palestinian schools in the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, are at risk of full or partial demolition or seizure due to the lack of an Israeli-issued building permit.Over half of the demolitions recorded during the reporting period (36 of 70) took place in East Jerusalem and were on the grounds of the lack of a building permit, which is very difficult to obtain. Unlike the general trend recorded for the West Bank, the monthly average for this period in East Jerusalem (18 structures) was higher than figures for both 2017 and 2016 (12 and 16 structures respectively), during which OCHA recorded the highest rates of demolition in East Jerusalem since 2000.",10
2049,"In Sirte, the increase in the number of identified returnees was also accompanied by new challenges. Electricity and water were reported to be mostly available; however, banks remained clothes, and health centres were reported to be in need of the most maintenance and infrastructure. Four schools were reportedly completely destroyed, 12 others were in need of maintenance, and there was a reported need for psychosocial support for children and training for teachers. Another significant impediment to return was the lack of communication network for the last year and a half. ",7
521,"Every day, more than 4,200 students have to cross checkpoints on their way to school. This includes restrictions on access and movement, body and bag searches, and harassment at checkpoints, exposure to teargas during tensions, violence and attacks by soldiers and settlers – all with considerable impact on the right to education and on the psycho-social well-being of children and their families. In addition, the learning environment has suffered tremendously from wear and neglect resulting from severe restrictions on entry of construction materials and equipment through the checkpoints.",2
9703,"Tens of thousands of survivors of Nepal's 2015 earthquake are at risk of future quake damage with about one third of newly constructed homes failing to meet safe building codes, the head of the country's reconstruction agency said on Tuesday.  ",10
1810,"A continuous torrential rainfall across wide areas in Mozambique caused by the cyclone, which had landed the north region of the country on January13 (local time), resulted in a large number of those affected, including the loss of lives, and much physical damage. According to the Government of Mozambique, as of January 30, 11 people died, 80,370 people have been afflicted, 5,993 houses were collapsed and 8,917 houses were damaged.  ",10
8559,"Suspected cases of acute watery diarrhoea/cholera continued to decline from a peak of 5,306 cases in June to 93 in August, with no related deaths reported since August. Between January and November, 78,426 cases of acute watery diarrhoea/ cholera and 1,159 deaths were reported in 55 districts of 19 regions across Somalia. Of these cases, 58.8 per cent involved children below five years of age.",4
4102,"However, the belg assessment revealed a significant spike in the number of people requiring ES/NFI support (124,502 households in Afar, Ahamra, Oromia and Somali regions), while IOM’s DTM identified more than 140,000 displaced households in need of support in seven regions. Additional displacements are expected during the kiremt season. According to the National Flood Contingency Plan, localized heavy rains are projected to cause flooding in flood prone and flood risk areas (more than 1.5 individuals likely to be affected of whom nearly 500,000 individuals would be displaced as per Flood Task Force projections).",10
11117,"Nearly 300,000 of the 1 million people living in 9,657 hectares of hill areas in Cox’s Bazar are directly facing landslide risk",1
5535,"According to results from this round shelter, food and health services were the three main needs for the IDP population. Whereas, health, education and security are the three primary needs for returnees. The tables below summarises the reported needs and indicates whwhether they were selected as first, second or third priority needs for IDPs and returnees in each muhalla. (check breakdown in document) ",9
3063,"Nord-Kivu: 260,000 people affected. 162,000 people in need. ",10
3670,"Protection partners continue to observe and receive reports of arbitrary arrests, assaults and torture of IDPs by security officials. This is particularly so when IDPs have similar names as the members of the extremist groups who are in the screening database. Identified people are then separated, including children as young as 13 years old, and reportedly face assault and detention. Some are released shortly thereafter or following interventions. The arbitrary detention of minors is also occurring in camps, and protection teams have observed children who have been traumatized after having been detained for short periods. This week, nine minors were released from Erbil Reformatory after spending months in detention. Those with family were reunified while unaccompanied minors have been accommodated in the UNHCR youth centre in Debaga camp. High level advocacy is ongoing to ensure that security officials respect the rights of detainees, treat them humanely and that children are afforded full protection under the Iraqi Juvenile code.",9
4146,"Following the HRD Mid-Year Review, the number of households requiring livestock support was revised to 2.25 million, up from the 1.9 million households targeted at the beginning of the year",5
7575,Zambia registered the highest drop in the number of markets in ALPS Crisis mode reflecting increased availability while the lifting of the maize export ban indicate the certainty of improved stocks.,3
100,"In September 2016, the humanitarian community began negotiations with parties to the conflict to obtain approval for a medical evacuation and assistance plan that would allow the delivery of medicines into the city and the evacuation of civilians.  WHO developed a full package of operational documents for medical ",8
1741,"Before the crisis, the water supply coverage was estimated as 100 per cent in urban communities and 95 per cent in rural populations, while the sanitation coverage was 60 per cent in urban areas and 40 per cent in rural areas. 23 Six years after the crisis erupted, assessments show that only 64 per cent24 of the affected population have access to adequate drinking water sources. The frequent electricity cuts (4-5 hours on most days, with peaks to 14 hours in some areas such as Derna) continue to affect water and sanitation facilities, and lack of maintenance and spare parts are the main drivers for inadequate access towater and sanitation services. Currently water trucking is the main source of drinking water for 43 per cent of the affected population, which raises concerns related to poor quality of water, high price and lack of sustainability",11
6335,"The Diffa region, currently hosting 221,790 displaced people3 from the Niger and Nigeria due to Boko Haram-related insecurity, will continue to be affected, with an estimated 340,000 people expected to require humanitarian assistance in 2017",9
5755,"500,000 people, including 200,000   children, in need of safe water, sanitation and hygiene. ",11
10095,"POLIO DETECTED IN BUKAMA  A case of wild polio has been confirmed in a health district in the southern Bukama territory. A WHO team has been deployed to investigate. Further analysis will be carried out in South Africa to determine the resurgence of the disease. Separately, suspected cholera cases have been on the rise in Bukama. As of 23 April, 20 suspected cases were recorded, up from a single case at the start of April.",4
7348,"The asylum seekers are staying in two makeshift camps in the Somare and Sololo areas of Moyale. They are in urgent need of food, water, sanitation facilities, shelter, and some have medical needs. Tadese says her and her children have not eaten well for days. She’s worried that her children will become ill if they do not get help. ",4
10619,"In a context of violence and suspicion, humanitarians are facing significant challenges in accessing and protecting vulnerable people. Since January 2017, some 4,300 Nigerian refugees who had settled out of camp were forcibly returned to the Nigerian border, against international norms for the protection of asylum seekers and refugees.",9
4469,Crisis (IPC Phase 3) could be observed in the Diffa region on Niger and in the Lake Chad region where the security crisis continue to disrupt main livelihoods and the normal functioning of markets which are experiencing significant increases in food prices. ,3
8929," Some 6,000 rivers flow through Nepal but none of those in the Kathmandu Valley are clean.  The World Health Organization estimates that 60 tonnes of household waste are dumped into these rivers every day.  When this toxic water infiltrates the ground, it pollutes the groundwater which supplies water to some of these wells.  ",11
7753,"Our humanitarian colleagues warn today that the food and nutrition situation in Chad is alarming. In 2018, 4 million people are projected to be affected by food insecurity and more than 1.7 million people will need nutrition assistance in the country, including 200,000 cases of severe acute malnutrition among children under five. Chad ranked second in the 2017 Global Hunger Index, highlighting the extreme vulnerability of its population.",8
11128,Large numbers of Gambians have fled their homes and soldiers from neighbouring Senegal have begun moving towards the borders amid a deepening political crisis. ,9
8670,Citizens displaced from their homes in North Sinai have been allocated two plots of land in Arish and Bir al-Abd. In a Thursday statement the Cabinet announced that the land will be made available for citizens the authorities forcibly displaced from the border cities of Sheikh Zuwayed and Rafah.,9
5625,"No new cVDPV2 cases reported this week. The total number of cVDPV2 cases remains 27 (26 cases are from Mayadeen district, Deir Ez-Zor governorate, and 1 case from Tell Abyad district, Raqqa governorate)",4
8111,"Egyptian security sources told Ma'an that militants connected to Daesh under the local affiliate the Sinai Province blew up two transmission towers in the Sinai Peninsula on Saturday evening, while in northern Sinai two Egyptian policemen were reportedly injured during clashes with unidentified gunmen. ",4
1126,"Human Rights Watch research confirms that, once again, there was sexual violence against women and girls during the most recent post-election violence in Kenya. I interviewed over 50 victims and witnesses in Mathare, Kisumu, Bungoma, and Dandora. They told me about rape, gang rape, attempted rape, unwanted sexual touching, and beatings on their genitals, including by members of security forces and militia groups and civilians. Some survivors urgently need medical treatment and counseling. Many were unable to go to health facilities because they were afraid of retaliation or stigma or did not know where to go. Given that the police themselves were the attackers in some cases, few reported these crimes.",9
11963,"These sites are in need of several items, including cooked meals and ready-to-eat rations, hygiene kits, non-food items and adequate latrines. The situation was reported as being extremely fluid and challenging, with many IDPs still on the move, making it difficult for partners to provide assistance. Shelter and winter NFI assistance were determined to be the biggest needs.",10
9032,"About 2,000 Kachin internally displaced persons (IDPs) remain trapped in Tanai Township without sufficient food or water amid fighting between the Myanmar Army and the Kachin Independence Army (KIA), according to local sources.Kachin religious organizations and community leaders stated that IDPs were trapped in Awng Lawt village, where the Myanmar Army has engaged ground forces to target the KIA Brigade 2 headquarters.Some religious and community leaders attempted to rescue the IDPs and reported that they assisted about 1,200 people who are currently taking refuge in Shagribum village, a one-hour walk from Awng Lawt.The leaders reported that about 60 percent of the 1,200 people were women, and some 30 percent were elderly. Some of the IDPs were wounded or sick. They did not have proper shelter. Those assisting them reported enough food to last the displaced persons for two weeks.",4
903,"During the weekend, military operations led by Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) resumed, opening a new front in the north west of Mosul city. The ISF have continue to advance, attempting to close up their encirclement of the Old City, estimated by the UN to host a minimum 200 000 people. Humanitarian conditions of civilians trapped in the Old City worsen by the day. Those injured do not have access to appropriate emergency medical care. Coordinated efforts to protect and assist this civilian population, most at risk, are to be urgently prioritised.  The Government of Iraq records a total of 584 000 people displaced, as result of the Mosul military operation since October 2016. This represents an increase of over 192 000 people in one month. Still, approximately 50% of the population from newly retaken districts in West Mosul remain in their homes. ",3
11824,MARCH MAI IPC 3 21 195 IPC 2 632 074 IPC 1 4691 781 JUNE AUGUST IPC 3 21 807 IPC 2 606 229 IPC 14 717 013,3
1536,"Cyclone Mora wreaked havoc on Burma’s west coast in the early hours of this morning, leaving a trail of destruction across Arakan and Chin states.",1
9045,"With the last remaining haor embankment in Sunamganj's Tahirpur upazila also giving way yesterday, gushing water started entering many villages there and affected the livelihoods in the northeastern backswamp seriously.    Locals' best possible attempts to save the embankment along the Shanir Haor in Sunamganj went in vain due to excessive rain and the onrush of upstream hill water.",5
6839,"Many poor households in southeastern Ethiopia will face food consumption gaps and Crisis (IPC Phase 3) acute food insecurity between February and September 2017, in the absence of humanitarian assistance, following very poor performance of the October to December 2016 Deyr/Hageya season and resulting negative impacts on pasture and water resources, livestock productivity and livestock-to-cereal terms of trade. Some worst-affected households in Warder and Korahe Zones in Somali Region are expected to be in Emergency (IPC Phase 4) and face increased acute malnutrition in the absence of assistance between June and September 2017. ? Meher 2016/17 harvests are estimated to be near average in most western areas of Ethiopia. However, in parts of eastern and central Oromia, northeastern SNNPR, and eastern Amhara, well below-average Meher harvests will lead to significantly reduced household food access and Crisis (IPC Phase 3) acute food insecurity between February and September 2017.  ",3
8862,"The violence in the northern Rakhine has had spill-over effects in central Rakhine. Increased tensions and local blockading of Muslim communities, combined with restrictions on access for humanitarian workers, have led to serious disruptions in the provision of essential services for aid-dependent Muslim people in camps and villages, many of whom report that their coping mechanisms are being exhausted. Humanitarian organizations in many sectors have been unable to adequately meet the needs of those they normally assist. Many of these people are now relying almost exclusively on communitybased mechanisms. These disruptions have affected life-saving activities such as health services, including access to sexual and reproductive health services for women and girls, as well as nutrition services for malnourished children and food assistance. Gaps in the delivery of humanitarian assistance and protection services have exacerbated existing needs and potentially created new ones that will need to be addressed in 2018. In both camps and villages, Muslim people in central Rakhine are being subjected to increased movement restrictions, limiting their ability to trade, to access livelihood opportunities and health services. In villages across central Rakhine, many Muslim people who are now unable to earn a living have started resorting to negative coping mechanisms, leading to serious protection risks. If this increased isolation persists, many people who were previously self-sufficient will develop new humanitarian needs for food, livelihoods, healthcare and protection",9
2747,"The number of children suffering from acute malnutrition in the areas surrounding Pibor, eastern South Sudan, has trebled in a year and is likely to continue to rise.Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) is calling on other organisations to boost their activities around the town of Pibor, South Sudan, as the number of children with acute malnutrition reaches three times the figure recorded a year ago.",8
10937,"On 8 January, rains affected 160 people. 5 education centers. Drinking water affected. Transports and infrastructures affected.",2
1592,"As of December 2016, the regional authorities in Diffa estimated displaced people at more than 240,000 people including refugees, returnees and internally displaced people. Important humanitarian needs are identified in the sectors of food, health care, nutrition, education, shelter and non-food items, protection as well as access to water, sanitation and hygiene.",8
5547,"As of 1 April 2018, 16 health alerts were reported, of which 75% were verified; measles and malaria were the most frequent infectious diseases reported. The main causes of morbidity among internally displaced persons (IDPs) were malaria (49.5%), acute watery diarrhoea (16.2%) and bloody diarrhoea (2.2%). The meningitis outbreak in Torit is declining, with no new suspected cases reported in week 12. The measles outbreak in Aweil East and Aweil Centre, although ongoing, registered a decline in week 12. The Rift Valley fever outbreak in Eastern Lakes State is still ongoing, with a cumulative total of 43 suspected cases reported since 7 December 2017, of which six were confirmed positive. Out of 28 animal samples collected, nine have been confirmed positive.",4
11121,"The report also recorded the detention of seven journalists, two of whom are administratively detained without charge or trial, one under home arrest, while the detention of two journalists was extended.",9
243,? Blood storage centres in Rafah and Khan Younis in Gaza are unable to operate due to the lack of electricity. Blood units are now only being stored at European Gaza Hospital and Shifa Hospital. The transportation of blood to Rafah and Khan Younis can take up to 30 minutes potentially compromising the health status of patients particularly during times of emergency.,4
1642,"The University of Juba, one of the top higher learning institutions in South Sudan, is at risk of closure due to rising operational cost, according to the university’s administration. Dr. John Apuruot Akec, the Vice Chancellor of the University of Juba, told Radio Tamazuj today that they could be forced to close before the end of this academic year due to lack of funds if the rising cost of electricity, fuel and other requirements persists.“We get the running cost from tuition fees paid by students, and the value of the fees is too small. For instance, students of engineering are paying $40, while the students of economics are paying $14 only which is equivalent to 2,200 SSP. So this money cannot do anything because we need fuel, we need stationaries, we need water and maintenance,” said Akec.",2
9418,"Interviewed refugees and migrants faced restricted access to services because of their irregular status, limited access to economic resources, and widespread discriminatory practices.",9
8907,More than 200 cholera cases have been reported in Yemen's capital Sanaa as contaminated water and poor sanitation have led to a sharp rise in the transmission of the deadly disease.,4
7197,"Recent inter-agency assessments indicate that 3.5 million people, including 2 million children, remain affected by the ongoing crisis and the associated economic downturn and will require humanitarian assistance in 2018",1
6415,Now less than four percent of fresh water is drinkable and the surrounding sea is polluted by sewage. Yet the international community is failing to do enough to protect the health and dignity of almost 2 million people who have nowhere else to go.  Families without access to water and sanitation facilities face health problems ,7
9757,"Due to severe restrictions on the amount of cash circulating in local markets, certified cheques had reportedly become one of the main payment modalities in use. As banks were mostly non-functional, hawala shops had become the main financial service providers.",5
6580,"Around 2,700 refugees and migrants were counted in Belgrade. Close to 1,000 men and boys are estimated to remain sleeping rough in the city centre, of which 68 boys in MSF tents, yet refusing to move to Obrenovac. Krnjaca AC sheltered 1,113 asylum-seekers and Obrenovac 634 refugees and migrants including close to 300 unaccompanied or separated boys. Most are from Afghanistan (453) or Pakistan (127).",10
7622,The ongoing political unrest in Mozambique has spilled over into neighbouring Zimbabwe.Thousands of Zimbabweans living along the border have fled their homes. Others have even been killed and their livestock stolen.,9
8228,"Shelter and non-food items (NFIs) were cited as equally urgently needed. With communal buildings at full capacity, the majority of new arrivals were seeking shelter amongst the local community. If displacement was to continue at this scale and without shelter assistance, the capacity of the local community to shelter IDPs may be exceeded. Further, in light of the sudden onset of the displacement, FGD participants were unable to carry NFIs along and cited a lack of blankets, water containers and mosquito nets as their top NFI needs",10
9907,Poor households in some production-deficit regions are facing reduced food access due to low livestock prices and the national economic crisis. Insecurity and displacement continue to impact food security outcomes in western Chad.,5
9978,"Dozens of health facilities have been destroyed in attacks or combats. Four MSF hospitals were hit by airstrikes or shelling between October 2015 and August 2016, which forced the temporary evacuation of personnel and the disruption of services.",4
5608,"Landmines, UXOs and ERW – second biggest cause of casualties in 2017.Last year, at least 238 men, women and children were either killed or injured by mines, explosive remnants of war (ERW), booby traps or unexploded ordnance (UXOs). After shelling, they are the second biggest cause of casualties among the civilians due to the armed conflict in eastern Ukraine. The Protection Cluster reports that 1.9 million people are affected by mines, ERWs and UXOs across conflict-affected areas.",9
11859,"Bernardo Cuervo Bravo, victim of forced displacement, delegated by the Afrodes organization to the Victims Participation Table of Atlántico and member of the Community Action Board of Villa Esperanza neighborhood of Malambo, was assassinated in that Atlantic municipality.According to the Ombudsman's Office, Cuero Bravo repeatedly denounced threats against his life. In addition, in its risk report 'Violence and threats against social leaders and human rights defenders', the same agency warned of the danger for people doing this work in Barranquilla, its Metropolitan area and members of the Victims' departmental.",9
5249,"As many as 600,000 Ukrainian citizens have lost or had their pensions suspended since December 2014. Most of them are elderly residents of non-government controlled areas in eastern Ukraine.Between January 2016 and April 2017, the number of people receiving pensions in the non-government controlled part of eastern Ukraine dramatically dropped by more than 560,000. Many have lost their payments due to issues related to verification of their status as internally displaced persons (IDP) and of their actual place of residence.",5
8637,"A powerful earthquake struck northeast Iran on Wednesday near the holy city of Mashhad, leaving at least one person dead and several injured.",10
10662,"Tropical Cyclone KENI continued moving south-east over the South West Pacific Ocean, weakening and away from land. Over the next 24 hours, heavy rain with local thunderstorms and strong winds may continue to affect several areas of Fiji and Tonga. The Meteorological Service of Tonga has issued a strong winds warning for Vava'u, Ha'apai, Tongatapu, 'Eua, Tele-ki-Tonga and Tele-ki-Tokelau and a heavy rain warning for Vava'u and Ha'apai. Local media in Fiji reported, as of 11 April, that several roads have been flooded in Viti Levu island and several houses have been damaged in the Ono-i-Lau islands. Around 12 400 people have been evacuated in 208 evacuation centres in the whole country, most of them are staying in centres in the Western Division.",10
1839,"There remains a critical need to increase the access to health and nutrition services in Mtendeli, Nduta and Nyarugusu camps through establishing additional health posts as well as through expanding and renovating the existing health and nutrition facilities.",4
7518,"In an investigation during 2016, Human Rights Watch found that Afghan security forces are increasingly using schools as bases during military operations against the Taliban, including schools supported by international donors. Our report “Education on the Front Lines: Military Use of Schools in Afghanistan’s Baghlan Province” documents the occupation and other military use of schools by state forces and the Taliban in the northeastern province of Baghlan.",2
11542,"Attacks on schools and the use of children in suicide bombings by the Taliban and affiliated armed extremist groups continued during the year.   Over 5 million primary-school-age children are out of school, most of them girls. Human Rights Watch research found girls miss school for reasons including lack of schools, costs associated with studying, child bearing, and gender discrimination. ",2
6454,"As a consequence of the continuation of the intense rains, during February and March, emergencies related to floods and landslides have occurred, mainly on the north coast of the country. According to official figures at the date of this report, at least 894.403 people are reported as affected and 132.779 are severely affected.",10
6538,"Due to the heavy rainfall throughout the country that started on 18 April, some communities in the northern and central areas of the Cibao region are currently displaced and without communications. Weather forecasts call for the rains to intensify over the weekend. In Barahona, more than 396 mm were registered (Hurricane Sandy was 400-450 mm).",7
9359,"The earthquake damaged 24 religious edifices, one monastery, one school, nine departmental offices and six other buildings, two bridges, one concrete road and destroyed three houses, causing losses worth of more than Ks195 million, authorities said.",6
11858,"In Niger, the last Food security situation reports have been of worrying trend. According to the UNOCHA humanitarian bulletin of May-June 2017, published on 30 June 2017, the second technical meeting of the National Mechanism for the Prevention and Management of Food Crises has carried out an assessment of areas that are moderately to extremely vulnerable to food insecurity bringing them to 193 areas compared to 180 in December 2016 assessment report. This indicated an increase of 13 new zones. According to the report, the vulnerable population in need of food assistance during the lean season (June to September) has been re -assessed to 1,800,000 people including 370,000 people affected by the increase in the prices of cereals.  ",3
3019,"The overall mean Food Consumption Score (FCS) decreased slightly in November (53.5) compared with October (55.7) (Figure 2), indicating a deterioration in household food security. At the governorate level, mean FCS fell in Hama and in Homs. The share of households with poor and borderline food consumption reached 21 percent in Hama and 36 percent in Homs (Figure 4), an increase of 12 percentage points in Hama and 6 percentage points in Homs compared with October. The lowest FCS of all surveyed governorates continues to be reported in hard-to-reach areas of Homs, Hama and Al-Hasakeh.",3
4688,"On 9 November 2017, WHO and partners completed the second phase of a cholera and polio vaccination campaign for children. A total of 199 472 children aged between one and five years received a second dose of oral cholera vaccine for added protection (estimated target population: 180 000), and 236 696 children under five years received oral polio vaccine (estimated target population: 210 000). In addition, WHO continues to support the MOHFW’s efforts to strengthen routine vaccination. Since 1 November, 970 children (6 months - 15 years) passing through the two transit sites have been vaccinated against measles and rubella (MR) and 1038 children under five years received oral polio vaccine (bOPV). Meanwhile polio, measles and tetanus immunization began on 11 November from static sites within the camps. Through these static sites, to date 719 children have been vaccinated against polio, 589 children against measles and 476 pregnant women against tetanus.",4
5701,Need of educational services to conflict affected areas along with essential learning supplies. Psychosocial support in both formal and nonformal schools/learning spaces. Continue/increase teachers training on education in emergencies.,2
6313,"On 3 Jan, lanslide due to heavy rains. 16 people affected, 1 school, and argicultural infrastructure damaged ",2
475,'Lack of access to clean drinking water and adequate health care facilities in the remote areas of the region lie at the heart of all problems causing children to die.',11
9738,"Nimba County (extract from the weekly epi bulletin of W13): on 25/03, a suspected case of cholera was reported from Tapitta district. The patient was a 16 years-old female who died en-route to the health facility. No sample was collected from the case at the time. As of 06/04, a total of 6 suspected cases, including 2 deaths were reported from 3 communities: Dialla (1), Nahlah 1 (4), Nahlah 2 (1). Specimens were collected from 2 cases, of which one tested positive for vibrio cholera at the Jackson F.",4
255,"Under the coordination of the Ministry of Human Rights, Social Affairs and Gender, the Kigwena site has been identified for the relocation of displaced IDPs living in the Cisha and Gitaza camps in Rumonge province, and the original plots in the hills were validated as safe of risk for 159 households. The construction of 333 transitional shelters was finalized in March 2018. This will enable the most vulnerable households to access decent shelter and, in 5,022 internally displaced people receiving shelter assistance, aid packages, transport assistance and reintegration support. This included financial support, to allow tenants to find housing for a period of 6 months, is planned for 2018.",10
5884,"In 2017, the education cluster is targeting two million school children for the provision of school feeding and education materials and plans to establish temporary learning spaces for an estimated 73,700 displaced children. However, due to critical funding gap, currently 1.3 million children (65 per cent of the target) are benefiting from the provision of school feeding and only some 8,000 displaced children (11 per cent of the target) have access to school through the establishment of temporary learning spaces. The school feeding programme, mainly Government–implemented, supports children to avoid hunger and continue attending school contributing to their physical and cognitive development. In Somali region, the prolonged drought has led to the displacement of many children who remain out of school. Funding constraints have made it difficult to reach the majority of these out of school children. ",2
9872,"Despite extraordinary efforts by SARC teams, many of the buildings used as shelters are unprepared for this purpose, as they are structurally unsound, lack the capacity to host such large numbers of people and/or lack sufficient water and sanitation facilities. As a result, the shelters are dramatically overcrowded, lack basic services and facilities, do not offer privacy and are insufficiently lit, resulting in protection risks, especially for women and children, and other people with specific needs. The lack of advance notice meant thousands of IDPs would arrive at the site with either limited or no time to carry out needed rehabilitation work.",9
7669,"A countrywide fuel shortage has forced grain mills to shut-down and water pumping engines to fall silent in many states of Sudan, especially in the most remote areas.Livestock owners, especially in the states of North and East Darfur and El Gedaref, have expressed concern that their livestock will die of thirst because of lack of fuel for the operation of water engines.The owners of brick factories have also complained of interruption of their work due to the fuel crisis. A number of farmers in the rain farming sector said they may be out of the summer season and cannot farm in the event fuel is not available for ploughing before the rains. The fuel crisis in most Sudanese states including Kordofan, Darfur, the Eastern states has created problems in access to water, consumer goods and transportation.",11
2013,"The communities’ livelihoods and ability to farm has been affected by insecurity, including a security perimeter of 5km surrounding the town, as well as flooding. Recently, however, reports indicate that about 70 per cent of the population are engaging in farming activities. Also, the market in Rann town is partially functioning every Thursday with local traders coming from Ngala and Cameroon, by foot, bicycle and donkey.",5
7427,"Landmines threaten million of lives in South Sudan About 6 million South Sudanese live in areas with the presence of landmines and explosive remnants of war, according to a UN agency on Saturday.The United Nations Mine Action Service (UNMAS) in war-torn South Sudan said decades of conflict have plagued nearly 90 million square meters of land with explosive hazards. The agency said an estimated 150 previously unknown hazards are discovered each month, with the full extent of contamination unknown, calling for a countrywide survey.    UNMAS said since it started operations in the war-torn country in 2004, it has surveyed, cleared and released 1.184 million square meters of land back to the people of South Sudan.    The agency pledged commitment to implement all aspects associated with mitigation of the threats from mines and explosive remnants of war. ",9
7549,"NFIs and Shelter ? CRIs (Core Relief Items) have not been distributed except for once upon arrival and need to be distributed again. NFIs (Non-Food Items) such as beds, clothes, shoes and so on are also needed by the community and the community engages in negative coping strategies to meet these needs such as selling food for NFIs. ? Need for more durable shelters due to tearing off of current shelters, need for redesigning the shelters to ensure privacy and safety were shared as main concerns. ? The shelters are not safe and refugees do not feel comfortable leaving their shelters unattended due to weak doors and walls. ? Size of the Shelter especially for big families is not considered adequate. Sometimes there is even not enough space for all the family members even to sleep.",7
131,"Critical civilian water and electrical facilities continue to be damaged by the hostilities along the contact line in Eastern Ukraine, despite repeated calls on parties to the conflict to respect the civilian nature of infrastructure and de-militarize the adjacent areas to allow for safe repairs. Heavy shelling of the South Donbass Water pipeline has led to a halt in the provision of clean water to around 350 000 people in Government controlled areas. The Ukrainian authorities have requested the international humanitarian efforts to assist through water trucking. In the meantime, repairs have been conducted during a window of silence negotiated by the Water Company with the assistance of ICRC, whose action is co-financed by DG ECHO.",11
2962,"the Health Cluster reported that an NGO-supported blood bank in Saraqab Sub-district was rendered out of service by an airstrike. The attack resulted in structural damages. Initial reports show that one medical vehicle was destroyed, but no casualties were reported.",4
3609,"Of greatest concern are Guit, Koch, Leer, and Panyijiar counties in Unity State. In these areas, Emergency (IPC Phase 4) levels of food insecurity observed during the 2016 lean season have likely persisted during the typical harvest period, as many households were unable to cultivate. Most continue to rely primarily on fish and wild foods to survive. Conflict is driving new displacement, putting additional stress on available wild food sources. Little to no food assistance was distributed in these counties from August to November due to access constraints",3
5180,"Surface water has dried up in most counties, while high temperatures mean that the remaining pans and dams may dry up soon if the 2017 Long Rains are poor.",11
7565,"Emergency trauma management is vital, particularly in the initial hours of an injury to avoid loss of life and avoid disabilities. Essential medical supplies and access to blood are also needed to prevent avoidable death or disability",4
9178,"We have received numerous reports of the recruitment of children in Yemen for use in the armed conflict, mostly by the Popular Committees affiliated with the Houthis. In all, between 26 March 2015 and 31 January 2017, the UN has managed to verify the recruitment of 1,476 children, all boys. However the numbers are likely to be much higher as most families are not willing to talk about the recruitment of their children, for fear of reprisals.",10
5336,"This area of Kyrgyzstan, where the mountains rise at the eastern edge of the Ferghana Valley, is particularly vulnerable to landslides. The season for such events arrives with the spring, during which intense bouts of rainfall are common. Landslides can also be triggered by groundwater pressure or seismic activity.",10
8896,"Many of those who have fled report harassment, killings and generalized violence. All are in urgent need of protection, medical and psychosocial assistance, shelter, food and basic relief items. Refugees are currently sheltered in two reception centres, which are currently operating at their maximum capacity.",4
3603,? Countries and territories reporting microcephaly and other central nervous system (CNS) malformations potentially associated with Zika virus infection for the first time in the past week: ,7
11691,"Harvests due in the coming months are expected to be significantly reduced, exacerbating food insecurity. The Government continues to distribute water in districts with low water supplies and will disburse cash payments to affected families. WASH, food security and nutrition, agricultural livelihoods and cash-for-work programmes have been identified as priority response activities",11
11796,"The Rapid Food Security assessment for IDPs in September 2016 found that 24 per cent of all IDP households are food insecure. In 2015, food insecurity was not reported. In addition to those already food insecure, 62 per cent of all the IDP households are at risk of slipping into food insecurity. The deterioration is due to the significant rise in food prices, depreciation of the Libyan dinar, as well as the lack of liquidity in the Libyan banks induced by the prolonged conflict. The level of food insecurity is higher in the western parts of the country. Bani Walid (Misrata) is most concerning, with 58 per cent of IDPs considered food insecure. In general, locations close to conflict hotspots are hosting the most vulnerable households who have had to recently flee their home because of the ongoing fighting. Although the southern region holds only seven per cent of the IDP households, 21 per cent of the households in Ubari are found to be food insecure.",3
5122,"Staggering unemploymentI spoke to parents whose children are recent university graduates but they are sitting around at home getting more and more frustrated. According to the World Bank, unemployment in Gaza is at 44% – for those below 29 years, it is at a staggering 60%.",5
3873,"The infighting has brought a near-total shutdown of all movement—commercial, humanitarian and medical—across East Ghouta with health care workers and aid deliveries alike caught in the crossfire.",1
5173,"There are 180 Palestinian communities of this kind in Area C, which constitutes some 60% of the West Bank. As a rule, Israel does not authorize master plans for these communities, thereby preventing them from receiving building permits and connecting to basic infrastructure such as running water and the power grid. One justification that the state cites for its refusal is that the communities reside within “firing zones” or “nature reserves” – overlooking the fact that it was the state that had thus designated these areas when the communities were already living there.",7
11705,"UNICEF partners report that 17 children were killed earlier this week in Idlib when heavy violence near a UNICEF-supported school forced children to flee to an underground shelter in a nearby building, which then came under attack. Around 1 million children live amid the escalating violence in Idlib. Across Syria, over 300 education facilities have been attacked since the beginning of the conflict. ",2
10297,"Food and nutrition security situation in Somalia is not likely to improve before the end of the year or January 2018, the UN humanitarian agency said on Tuesday.Severe drought is expected to continue to deepen till the start of the next rainy season in October and an improvement in the food security and nutrition situation is not likely before December/January,' the UN said. ",8
11903,"On 24 October 2017, the Ministry of Health and Social Action of Senegal notified WHO of an outbreak of dengue fever in Louga Region in the north-west of the country. The outbreak was detected through arboviruses and haemorrhagic fever sentinel surveillance.",4
3350,"Similarly, insecurity and supply-demand imbalances continued to drive significant price increases in besieged areas, where insecurity and access constraints have significantly disrupted the market supply chain. In Eastern Ghouta, staple food commodities registered record prices including rice that reached SYP 1,500/kg, higher by 105 percent compared to last month and approximately three times more than in the rest of the country.",3
3206,"New cases of Hepataitis E are still being presented and recorded in the region of Diffa. Since the declaration of the epidemic by the Health authorities on the 19 April 2017. A total of 2,035 cases have been declared with 38 deaths recorded. Up to 25 April the mortality rate was 29 per cent dropping to 1.86 per cent by 24 October. Analysis of reported cases reveal that women and people aged 15 and over are the most likely affected.",4
5855,Nursing staff warn to stage strike in 14 days Health ,4
280,Some 310 families arrived in Kalonda Kibuyu in the eastern Maniema province between 1 and 8 March from neighbouring Tanganyika province where they fled intercommunity clashes that broke out in February. They add to some 640 households who also fled incursions by armed men within Maniema.Humanitarian actors are planning a mission to assess the needs.,7
4669,"there are 15 besieged areas where up to 700,000 people, including an estimated 300,000 children, still remain trapped. ",6
9997,"Planting of the main 2017 cereal season, to be harvested from June, is expected to begin towards the end of April. Weather conditions have been relatively normal as rainfall levels have been about average in most cropping areas of the country, including the main cereal producing Region of Artibonite. However, there is some uncertainty about the ability of farmers to access inputs, such as seeds and fertilizers, particularly in the southwestern departments of Grand’Anse, Sud and Nippes, severely impacted by Hurricane Matthew in October 2016. While these departments produced a negligible amount of rice output, they, on average, account from 20 to 25 percent of the national maize production. According to the National Coordination for Food Security , a Governmental agency, farmers in these departments lost significant assets. In most extreme cases, grain stocks put aside for seed have been consumed or sold to meet other immediate needs. Moreover, the probability of an El Niño event during the June-August period, at the end of the vegetative growth period and the beginning of the harvest, has risen above 60 percent in March. FAO’s preliminary forecast assumes an increase in cereal output of only 7 percent in 2017, from last year’s hurricane-reduced level. This forecast assumes that weather will develop normally throughout the season and accounts for the difficulty in accessing necessary inputs.",0
9681,"Some 85% of 7-14 year old refugee, asylumseeking and migrant children attended classes, of which 430 attended public primary schools while some 70 were schooled inside the Transit Centres (TCs) of Sombor, Subotica or Kikinda. Some efforts are also being made to enrol children over 14 years of age into secondary schools",2
4124,"The financial crisis in KRI has made it quite challenging to handover solid waste management to the Directorate of Municipalities, and this remains an expensive intervention currently done through private service providers. The challenge of illegal connections is still causing random need for water trucking. The other longstanding gap is the inadequate treatment of waste water and its drainage to Mosul lake, which is potentially risky to the environment.",11
6750,"Flood and flash flood hit several cities in Sabah State and Penang. In Sabah State, flood inundated Kota Belud, Sipitang City and Ranau District. 42 families were evacuated due to the flood in Sipitang City where in the other affected areas, the flood has also damaged several houses. Meanwhile in Penang , the flood has caused one death and submerged numbers of houses. ",10
8120,"35,857 IDP families still displaced. 215,142 IDP individuals still displaced. Number of IDPs by main district of displacement: 110,406 (Mosul) ",9
4502,"Since 20 December, 13 vessels have delivered both food and much needed fuel to Yemen, with more in the pipeline. This is positive, but is far less than what is needed to meet overall food and fuel needs. I welcome too, the Saudi-led Coalition’s approval to move four cranes to Al Hudaydah port, which will enhance the capacity of the port, and allow for faster off-loading of vessels and thus help avert an even greater humanitarian disaster.",6
4250,"Districts in Tete registered some of the highest prices for maize meal among all those surveyed. However a few of them, such as Maravia, Mutarara and Moatize ,reported decreases from the January 2017 levels. Due to the shortage in maize grain supply, the maize meal supply is mostly imported from South Africa. As Tete is furthest from South Africa, maize meal prices are the highest in this province.",3
11613,Crisis (IPC Phase 3) will continue in the Diffa Region of Niger and the in Lake Chad Region until September as the security crisis persists and distrupts principle livelihoods activities and the normal functioning of markets which are experiencing substantial increases in food prices. Food insecurity may be more severe for the poor in inaccessible areas of Niger.,3
2818,"In Chad, reduced livestock revenue and insecurity in neighbouring countries are some of the main factors affecting food security, while large segments of the population also remain highly vulnerable to natural hazards and other shocks, and will require livelihood support in 2018.",3
2668,"In 2017, Amnesty International reported that more than 17,000 people have died since 2011 as a result of torture, abuse and disastrous conditions in prisons run by the Syrian intelligence services and the Syrian government. Up to 13,000 people were executed at the infamous Saydnaya Military Prison north of Damascus, according to the human rights organization, which says the 'systematic, widespread attack by the government on civilians' amounts to 'crimes against humanity.'",9
720,"The number of people fleeing western Mosul citycontinues to climb steadily. Taking into account some 32,000 people that have returned to accessible areas, as of 10 May approximately 414,000 people were currently displaced from western Mosul according to the Iraqi authorities. This brings the total number of people who have been displaced from Mosul city and its surrounds to 622,000, as of 10 May, of whom some 480,000 people are currently still displaced. The majority of displaced people have fled to camps and emergency sites where humanitarian assistance is being provided. Conditionsfaced by anestimated 360,000 people living in ISIL-held west Mosul are of significant concern to humanitarian partners, as access to food and clean water sources continue to remain significant challenges. Health partners warn of the potential risk of waterborne disease outbreaks as summer approaches and temperatures rapidly increase.",5
11176,"“In Somalia, health and aid workers, who work and care for people affected by violence are being targeted. Medicine and relief supplies are looted. Humanitarian workers are detained or denied access to people in desperate need. This is unacceptable”, he added.",9
8033,"Malaria also accounts for 25 to 40% of sick people going to health facilities, 20% of all sick people who are admitted, and 9-14% of patients who are admitted in health facilities for all diseases and end up dying.",4
4644,"Gaza 1.88 mil. total Palestinian population 71% registered refugees 911,500 Palestine refugees are dependent on UNRWA emergency food assistance 487,500 refugees living below the abject-poverty line 43.2% unemployment rate among refugees 57,481 refugee families in need of shelter repair and transitional shelter cash assistance  225,000 children suffering psychological trauma require specialized psychosocial support",3
8248,"A large number of Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) live in severely deprived conditions, including unfinished buildings, substandard shelters, schools, public facilities or in the open. The upsurge of conflict in Yemen western coast since the beginning of the year has generated a new wave of displacement. Enhanced Emergency Shelter Kits (EESK) and Non-Food Items for those newly displaced especially from Al Hudaydah and Taizz is required. Lack of access due to security constraints continue to hamper the response.",10
3481,"With the nex t hurr icane season two months away, coordinated advocacy and targeted resources are urgent ly needed to avoid a worsening of the cr isis. ",1
4878,"The relentless rainfall in Ecuador has slowly affected over 141,000 people throughout the entire country since the beginning of the year. The national government declared a nationwide state of emergency to provide immediate aid. At present, 75% of the affected people and 80% of the affected homes are located within the Guayas and Manabí provinces.The flooding and landslides have hobbled over 100km of the national road network and transportation infrastructure, constantly delaying the delivery of much needed assistance.Education also remains a priority as 89 schools have reported damages. Countless livelihoods have been placed in jeopardy as over 10,000 hectares of crops have been affected and another 5,000 hectares of crops are all but lost. ",1
6387," In conflict-ridden areas, over 1.5 million people are facing “emergency” levels of food insecurity (IPC Phase 4) according to the IPC report, which means people are forced to sell everything they have and skip or reduce their meals.",5
6241,"Since the start of military operations to retake Mosul six months ago, nearly half a million people have been displaced from their homes.  “The sheer volume of civilians still fleeing Mosul city is staggering,” said Lise Grande, the Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq.  “Our worst case scenario when the fighting started was that up to one million civilians may flee Mosul. Already, more than 493,000 people have left, leaving almost everything behind,” said Ms. Grande.",9
9492,"rom 1 August to 15 November 2017, a cumulative total of 2 203 confirmed, probable and suspected cases of plague, including 192 deaths (case fatality rate 9%), have been reported from 56 of 114 (49%) districts in Madagascar. Analamanga Region in central Madagascar has been the most affected, with 68% of all recorded cases. Since the beginning of this outbreak, the vast majority of cases have been treated and have recovered. As of 15 November 2017, only 6 people were hospitalized for plague. There has been no international spread outside the country.",4
2586,"In a context where early and forced marriages were already prevalent, The prolonged drought and the accompanying economic hardships have led to more parents marrying off their girls early because there would be one less mouth to feed. In Mozambique, 48 per cent of girls are married before age 18 and 14 per cent are married before age 15.",9
3530,"Many Kurdish news outlets have been affected by the post-coup crackdown, often claimed by Turkish authorities to have links to the banned Kurdistan Workers’ Party (PKK) or being critical of the Turkish military.",9
5771,"Hundreds of residents at Mukuru Kwa Njenga will tonight spend the night in the cold after their houses were demolished on Wednesday morning.The demolition that started in the wee hours of Wednesday caught most residents unaware.The demolitions comes after the government gave those encroaching on private land to leave.The government on Monday said that more than 100 structures will be brought down in a process which was set to begin next week to protect infrastructure from damage and bring sanity in the construction industry.Houses constructed along road reserves, railway lines, power lines and pipelines' right-of-way are set for demolition across the country.According to some of the residents, they saw a police car that came at night and told them to go into their houses and nothing would happen then a few minutes later 10 land cruisers and a tractor showed up.The demolition has seen over 300 houses and businesses flattened.",10
11428,"from the 1 August through 22 November 2017, a total of 2,348 confirmed, probable and suspected cases of plague, including 202 deaths (case fatality rate 8.6 %), were reported by the Ministry of Health of Madagascar to WHO. There were 1,791 cases of pneumonic plague, of which 22% were confirmed, 34% were probable, and 44% were suspected. In addition to pneumonic cases, there were reports of 341 cases of bubonic plague, one case of septicaemia plague and 215 cases with type unspecified.",4
11615,"As of 17 January, 66,000 refugees have crossed the Naaf river into Bangladesh to flee violence in Rakhine state, Myanmar which started on 9 October 2016 and continues today (Myanmar Times 10/10/2016). These refugees arrive in Cox’s Bazar, Chittagong District where there is already a significant Rohingya refugee population. 32,700 are in two official refugee camps while an estimated 200,000 to 300,000 are unregistered in unofficial camps or living among the Bangladeshi population in Cox’s Bazar",11
2423,"Cholera: 1,225 suspected cases, 6 confirmed, 79 deaths (6.4% CFR) as of 12 November 2017.The case incidence has been decreasing since week 42. In week 45, 9 new cases were reported in the Salamat region: Am-Timan (2), Mirer (5), Khachkhacha (1) and Mouraye (1). From week 37 to week 45, a total of 789 cases and 27 deaths occured in Salamat region. No additional cases have been reported in the Sila Region since week 42.",4
10688,"Damage was reported in at least eight villages, the head of Iran's Red Crescent Organisation, Morteza Salim, told the channel. 'Some other villages have suffered power cuts and their telecommunications system has also been disturbed,' he said. Rescue teams were being hampered by landslides, Mr Koolivand said.",10
3679,"An estimated 3.3 million people have been affected by Tropical Cyclone MORA, which made landfall in Chittagong Division on 30 May. Six people were reportedly killed, 136 people injured and 200,000 people displaced by the disaster. As of 3 June, 540,000 people are estimated to require humanitarian assistance. The most severely affected area has been Cox’s Bazar, where more than 300,000 Rohingya refugees and Undocumented Myanmar Nationals are residing. Six Rohingya settlements in the area have reportedly been severely affected, with up to 70 per cent of shelters as well as latrines, clinics and other infrastructure damaged. Agencies working in Cox’s Bazar and other affected areas, are providing assistance in support of the Government response.",10
1561,"According to the Somali government, quoted by the UN SEMG, nearly 22,000 troops are registered, of whom more than a quarter are stationed in or on the outskirts of Mogadishu.However, the UN SEMG notes that neither the Somali government nor the UN Monitoring Group is able to provide ‘accurate information on the structure, composition, strength and disposition of either national security forces or regional and militia forces’ (82). A military strategic expert interviewed by BFA/SEM estimates the SNA in South/Central Somalia (from the Kenyan borders to Dhuusamarreeb) at 16 000-18 000 troops (83). There are ongoing efforts to create a security structure in which all military forces, including local militias, in all regions are united under the command of SNA. For this, agreements at all national and regional state levels are needed (84). Until now such integration only exists on paper. All regional states have their own clan-based forces. The central command in Mogadishu can only dispose of the troops in Mogadishu and partly of those in Lower Shabelle and the HirShabelle state, and has no control over the troops further away such as in SWS or Jubbaland, according to a BFA/SEM source (85). The SNA consists for a large part of former clan militias which are trained and renamed into SNA, according to a BFA/SEM source. Former militia commanders get officer positions, some are nominated generals. An estimated 60 % of the soldiers belong to the Abgal (Hawiye) and Habr Gedir (Hawiye) sub-clans, and another large group is from the Murusade (Hawiye) subclan. The government has tried to recruit more people from other clans, which has however not been a success. Minority or smaller clans are afraid to join the army: if a soldier from a large clan kills someone, this is dealt with in the customary way and the soldier enjoys the protection of his clan. However, a soldier from a minority or smaller clan does not have such a clan protection and thus runs into serious problems when killing someone. In another example, soldiers from Mogadishu are hardly recruited for Baidoa, where the army is dominated by the Rahanweyn. If the Mogadishu soldier kills a local from Rahanweyn clan, he has to flee to avoid problems with the Rahanweyn (86). A complication for the SNA is the current arms embargo that is still in place. The army is not able to purchase heavy weapons and thus remains dependent on AMISOM for weapons (87). On 11 May 2017, President Farmajo has asked the international community to lift the arms embargo on his country at an international conference hosted by the UK (88). The Somali army does not have a good reputation among the population. On the one hand it is accused of human rights violations such as rape, robbery, illegal checkpoints with extortion, corruption, and arbitrary use of weapons (89), on the other hand the army is suspected of containing AS elements (90).",9
9142,"The assessment reports showed that thousands of displaced people were in urgent need of food, shelter, and protection due to the destruction of houses and other properties.",9
6302,"In addition, numerous and repeated reports of the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Myanmar found that sexual violence was widespread in Kachin, northern Shan and Rakhine, as well as other areas of the country. Women and girls from ethnic or religious minorities, as well as stateless women, remain especially vulnerable and often suffer multiple forms of abuse. Human trafficking and sexual slavery abroad also remain serious concerns, especially for younger women. The combination of gender inequality and exposure to violence, harassment and abuse not only remain critical protection risks but serve as a significant impediment to women’s participation in decision making to support recovery, transition, peace building and development. Disabled women are particularly vulnerable and often face additional discrimination.",9
2827,"Food security remained at a relatively stable level in all three clusters in Kassala compared to November 2016.In White Nile, food security significantly improved among sampled South Sudanese refugees compared to March 2016. The food security improvement was substantial, with the proportion of food insecure households decreasing from 26 percent to 5 percent. In particular, the food security of sampled South Sudanese refugees in Um Sangoor and Khor Alwaral cluster improved with 29 percentage points. Household food consumption also improved over the same period, despite the onset of the lean season, in particular in the Um Sangoor and Khor Alwaral clusters where the proportion of households with poor food consumption dropped from 39 percent in March 2016 to 5 percent in May 2017. The improvement could also have been partly a result of stable sorghum price and improved coverage of food and multi-sectoral assistance to the refugees in the camps. WFP will work with its partners to verify the unexpectedly large food security improvement. ",3
5919,"MERS cases 2012 - 2017: 1,604 Deaths: 644 CFR: 40.1%",4
3680,Two-thirds of the population does not have access to safe drinking water or adequate sanitation.,11
6626,"Consistent with trends in 2016, ground engagements continued to cause most civilian casualties, followed by improvised explosive devices, as well as suicide and complex attacks. ",9
7232,"No new cases of cVDPV2 have been reported in 2018. The most recent case (by date of onset of paralysis) is 21 September 2017 from Boukamal district, Deir Ez-Zor governorate. The total number of cVDPV2 cases remains 74. ? An independent outbreak response assessment (OBRA) of the cVDPV2 outbreak in Syria concluded in April. The actions taken to control transmission of the virus in Syria and to document evidence of the sensitivity of surveillance and increasing quality of response SIAs were commended by the review team.",4
2796,"5.6 people in need The are now 5.61 million people in need of humanitarian assistance in Kenya, including 3.4 million people who are food insecure. This includes 2.6 million people facing severe food insecurity, of whom 500,000 are already in Emergency2 (IPC Phase 4), and 800,000 people facing Stressed (IPC Phase 2) food security who are expected to fall into crisis levels from August to October",3
11284,"Shelter: Shelter for refugees in El Radom, South Darfur, remains an urgent need. ",10
6277," The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors the conflict, has reported regular injuries and deaths from Turkish troops firing at people trying to cross the border. ",9
9370,"The Dollo Somali region of Ethiopia borders Somalia and Kenya. Due to its proximity to the Somali border, it has received refugees who fled Somalia due to war related persecution during 2009 and 2010 while refugees due to drought related reasons crossed into Ethiopia during 2012 and 2013. The state of Ethiopia is signatory to the 1951 UN convention. The state department ARRA and UNHCR Sub Office in Melkadida undertakes joint registration of refugees in the Dollo region. There are five camps in the region namely Melkadida, Buramino, Hilaweyn, Kobe and Bokolmayo, as shown in the Fig 1.   Fig. 1   The combined registered population of all the camps is 210,930 individuals (98,248 M and 112,682 F) comprising 39,123 households. The main areas of origin for these refugees include Gedo, Bay and Bakol. Majority of the refugees are Muslims of Sunni denomination.   ARRA, UNHCR and partners are providing basic needs and services to the refugees living in camps since their onset. In order to plan for different sectoral interventions and also use consultative approach for prioritization of interventions, ARRA, UNHCR and partners undertake annual   8    consultations through PA. These discussions provide qualitative information such as issues concerning refugees, their perspectives and suggestions. In 2016, PA was conducted with the support of 17 organizations. In order to complement the findings of the PA, the quantitative data from different assessments such as education assessment2, HIS3 (Health Information System) and other sources such as registration data by UNHCR, return intention survey data were also used for the purposes of analysis in this report.  ",9
3314,"'We don't have anywhere else to get our food or water apart from Boni Forest. When the Linda Boni operation kicked off, they asked us not to set foot in that forest or even go close to it until the operation is over.'They also promised to give us food and all other relief help until the operation ends. They only did that for some months and then stopped and now we have nowhere to get food from. ",11
11164,"Since residents began drinking water from the Yarmouk River in February, the medical point has seen numerous cases of intestinal infections and diarrhea, a nurse at the medical point and a Civil Defense member told Syria Direct.   Residents are also developing allergic reactions through prolonged contact with the river water, showing symptoms of itchiness and skin redness.",11
3447,"Besides their inability to meet food and other basic needs, most families encountered serious protection concerns during their journey. The four main concerns faced were: 1) lack of food; 2) lack of information to reach the destination; 3) safety concerns; and 4) lack of cash. Exploitation/harassment and bribes were also frequently reported.",9
3359,"Belarusian authorities should immediately release all journalists jailed covering protests and should cease obstructing reporters in an effort to keep news of the protests out of media reports, the Committee to Protect Journalists said today. ",9
1779, Much of the recent deterioration is down to the worsening plight of people in Kasaï.,3
10437,"He stressed that the crisis was exacerbated last week as food began to finish and with the absence of drinkable water. Seven children and three elders have died of malnutrition and a lack of milk and medicine, he said.",4
6100,"Main effects in rural areas but also some in urban areas. Affect housing, crops, harvests, agricultural and livestock activities. ",10
1692,"Due to the heavy rainfall throughout the country that started on 18 April, some communities in the northern and central areas of the Cibao region are currently displaced and without communications. Weather forecasts call for the rains to intensify over the coming weekend.The Emergency Operations Centre (EOC) has placed 1 province on red alert, 9 provinces on yellow alert and 8 provinces on green alert over potential flash flooding in both urban and rural areas, rise in river levels and landslides.",10
10409,"The overall risk of further spread at the national level is high, at the regional level is moderate due to frequent flights to neighbouring Indian Ocean islands, and at the global level is low.",4
8546,"Two weeks ago, three children died in Souni in East Jebel Marra. They were suffering from malnutrition and their health was worsened by the severe cold, a family member said.",8
2397,"Rural women are particularly vulnerable as they are less likely to have access to basic education or to literacy programmes, and therefore limited income sources of their own. ",1
5806,"CAR refugees: The preliminary results of the 2017 SMART nutritional survey showed no case of SAM during the data collection for the East region. The hypothesis is that the cases are concentrated into small pockets of undernutrition and therefore not captured in the data collection conducted by random selection. For Adamawa region, the SAM rate decreased compared to last year. The survey covered only host communities. Stunting is the main problem in this region with its prevalence above the alert threshold of 30%.",8
3393,"148 million live in areas prone to natural disasters and on average 650,000 people are annually affected by natural disasters. ",1
2271,"As at 12 March, 295,950 people are reported to have been affected, including 84,660 who are displaced. The number of deaths due to the storm has risen to 50 with 20 peoplemissing and 195 injured. The National Office for Disaster Risk and Management (BNGRC) and the Humanitarian Country Team (HCT) have activated the Multi-Hazard NationalContingency Plan 2016/2017.",9
8478,"The main causes of morbidity and mortality during week 22 were malaria, acute respiratory infections, acute water diarrhoea and physical trauma. Malaria remains the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in hot spots in the country",4
947,"“According to the decision of the security council in Badakhshan, the schools in Warduj will not open until the district is fully cleared of insurgents. This is because spring is near and there is the possibility of renewed war,” said Abdul Razeq Tariq Badakhshan education department deputy.",2
65,"Typhoid fever is a bacterial infection caused by the bacterium Salmonella enterica serovar Typhi. The bacteria, spread by contaminated food and water, is highly contagious, and spreads through communities with poor sanitation. Symptoms include fever, stomach pain, headache and constipation or diarrhoea. If left untreated, the infection can be fatal.  There is no official information available on case numbers or deaths in Pakistan, but local media reports claim more than 800 cases of drug-resistant typhoid were detected in Hyderabad alone over a 10-month period between 2016 and 2017. An emergency vaccination campaign is now under way.  “There have been cases in Sindh province and other parts of Pakistan,” said Klemm. “One case was found in the UK from a patient who had recently been in Pakistan.",4
8738,"Concern persists about the scarcity of water in high areas of the Potosi capital. It is expected that the weather forecast will be met regarding rainfall, said the mayor of the municipality, William Cervantes",11
3569,"Lack of basic services and livelihood opportunities in Marawi continue to hinder IDP returns. In addition, relief actors report that displaced populations residing in informal sites and host communities lack sufficient access to basic services.",5
2604,"In Banki, and also at nearby towns where people are hoping to head, humanitarian access is very limited and largely dependent on the availability of military escorts. As most returnees are still unable to travel onwards to their home villages where security remains uncertain, there is a pressing need for additional land for more shelter and other facilities at the IDP site.",10
842,"Police detained the 15 employees, who were working for the International Medical Corps in the southeastern city of Gaziantep, near the Syrian border, on Thursday 20 April. Four of those detained – foreign nationals from Britain, India, Indonesia and Ireland – were deported five days later. The 11 others are Syrian and remain in a detention centre near Gaziantep, from where they face deportation back to Syria.",9
1994,"Two fighters from the Omar Al-Mukhtar Operations Room of Dignity Operation were injured by Derna Shura Council fighters' fire as they were trying to advance on Derna city via Daher Al-Hamar, west of the besieged city.The forces led by Khalifa Haftar prevented Monday people from going out via Kersa road as they gathered in there once they heard the route was open, with tens of them standing in files since the early morning, however the besieging forces of Dignity Operation refused to allow them out. 'The roads must remain closed.' Commander of the Omar Al-Mukhtar room, Colonel Kamal Al-Jabali reiterated in a visit he paid to the fighters in Kersa. For over 15 months, Dignity Operation forces have been laying a tight siege on Derna and since then they have kept tightening the siege on the area day in and day out until they choked the life out of the city, as told by their leader - Haftar - causing a humanitarian calamity in the city.",6
8074,Administrative requirements from the local administration have affected some child protection interventions by local partners. Advocacy is being pursued to solve the issue and allow the continuation of the much needed activities for displaced children,9
11986,This conflict that is taking place some 140 km north of Bunia broke out on 19 March. 550 houses and two schools have been burnt down in Lodjo and Tchulu.,7
5667,"Derna city has been besieged by Dignity Operation for more than a year now, barring basic foods, fuel, cooking gas, cash and medicines to enter the city.",3
6032,"The Ministry of National Health Services, Regulations and Coordination in Pakistan has recently reported a high number of dengue fever cases in the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KPK). A total of 1,279 laboratory confirmed cases were reported during the months of July and August 2017.",4
5154,"The authorities have launched an investigation into how children ended up in such a life-threatening state. Prosecutors say they are the victims of neglect and malnutrition, and that several orphanage directors have been fired.",9
9366,"Many of the affected areas are along the Landless Corner-Mumbwa Road, where the contractor left unfinished drainage and culverts, which are now diverting water in people’s homes and fields",0
1504,"The 2017 Libya Humanitarian Needs Overview (issued in November 2016) estimated the total number of people in need of humanitarian assistance at 1.3 million, or 20 percent of the population, with most severe cases reported in Aljfarah, Tripoli and Benghazi. The number of people in need of food assistance was put at 0.4 million. Refugees, asylum seekers and internally displaced are among the most vulnerable. Food shortages have been reported mostly in the south and east, where basic food items, including wheat, bread, flour, pasta, oil, milk and fortified blended foods for children, are in short supply. Access to subsidized food among the affected population is also limited.",5
3612,"Egyptian authorities carried out a series of arbitrary arrests in late January and February, 2018, in an escalating crackdown against political opposition, Human Rights Watch said today. Among those arrested is Abd al-Moniem Abu al-Fotouh, a 2012 presidential candidate and the head of the Strong Egypt Party.  The intensifying repression and the use of terrorism-related charges against peaceful activists are emblematic of a government strategy to silence critical voices ahead of the planned presidential elections on March 26-28. Human Rights Watch and 13 other rights organizations have said that they lacked “the minimum requirements for free and fair elections.”",9
1050,"Maharashtra's sugar production is set to drop to a decade-low of 4.2 million tonnes this year with the last two working sugar mills in the state preparing to shut down operations amid sugarcane shortage.The water-intensive sugarcane crop in India has faced two consecutive droughts since 2014-15. However, some parts of Maharashtra have seen drought-like conditions for much longer.  ",0
3284,"white nile The health source attributed to Radio Dabanga the decrease of cholera in White Nile state to the initiatives carried out by volunteers during the week. He pointed out that the initiatives are active in the field of the supply of intravenous solutions, soap, disinfectants, mineral water for the wards and patients.  The source said the initiatives are also active in raising health awareness in villages affected by the disease.",4
7104,"People in need: 802,900 • Number of children with moderate acute malnutrition: 922,656 (8.4% of children).This year’s fodder deficit in pastoral areas of Niger – estimated at 11 million mt – has resulted in early transhumance and, in some areas, created tensions between pastoralists and farmers. Internal displacement has put enormous pressure on natural resources in the area, potentially further fuelling intercommunal conflict.",3
6964, Matabeleland South also hosted the 21st February Movement celebrations in Matopos and this resulted in the closure of schools. School children were ordered to attend the event while other violations such as harassment and intimidation and deprivation of property were recorded in the region. ,2
4922,"Standing at an ethnic and linguis?c crossroads in the Western Bahr el Ghazal region, Wau town has been the site of large conflict-related displacements since September 2016. The main displacement site, the Wau Protec?on of Civilians Adjacent Area to the Wau UNMISS base (PoC AA), currently hosts 39,165 registered Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs). The PoC AA stands as a refuge for civilians fleeing armed conflict in both the neighborhoods of Wau town and the surrounding regions. Since the opening of the site in June 2016, IOM has served as the Camp Coordina?on and Camp Management (CCCM) agency, taking responsibility for coordina?ng the humanitarian response; building and maintaining site infrastructure; promo?ng community par?cipa?on in camp governance; and ensuring dignified living condi?ons for PoC AA’s temporary residents. Due to restric?ons on land availability, the PoC AA remains the most crowded displacement sites in South Sudan, with the average resident living in only 5.1 m2 of land, a frac?on of the Sphere humanitarian standards of 35 m2 . IOM CCCM has been working within these constraints to improve the living standards, safety, and dignity of residents through consecu?ve site rehabilita?ons and ongoing con?ngency planning in consulta?on with community leaders.",10
1029,"Individual municipalities have imposed curfews on Syrian refugees and security services have arrested hundreds of Syrians for lack of residency documents. Several reports of attacks against Syrians by state and non-state actors emerged following a sHuman Rights Watch has also documented isolated forcible deportations of Syrians and Palestinians back to Syria, putting them at risk of arbitrary detention, torture, or other persecution. In January 2016, Lebanese authorities, in violation of their international obligations, sent hundreds of Syrians traveling through the Beirut airport back to Syria without first assessing their risk of harm upon return.pate of eight suicide bombings in Al-Qaa on June 27, and July 2016 photos appeared to show municipal police in Amchit humiliating Syrian refugees. Five officers were questioned, but all were released and the head of the Amchit municipality reportedly stated “they didn’t carry out any violations.”",9
7940,"An estimated 2.6 million people are internally displaced in Darfur alone, a further increase due to the resumption of violence and insecurity in the Jebel Marra area. With nighttime temperatures down to 7 degrees at this time of the year, recently displaced people urgently need shelter, household supplies and fuel for heating and cooking. Refugees and displaced people who are returning or want to return home in Darfur cite protection, food, household supplies, clean water, education and health services as urgent requirements",3
1190,"The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights has learned that preparations are underway to get a new batch of displaced people out of al-Wa’er neighborhood, where fighters, their families and civilians who wish to leave the neighborhood will be gotten out of the neighborhood, they are expected to be taken to Idlib province, and Syrian Observatory for Human Rights learned that the buses started entering the neighborhood to get the residents out of the neighborhood to where the travel buses are gathered.",9
4181,The overall case-fatality rate is 0.6% although it is higher in some areas and among certain age groups.,4
1533,"The humanitarian situation in Myanmar is characterized by a complex combination of vulnerability to natural disasters, food and nutrition insecurity, armed conflict, inter-communal tensions, statelessness, displacement, trafficking and migration. The situation is compounded by chronic poverty and underlying structural inequalities and discrimination, including on the basis of gender, ethnicity and religion, which exacerbates needs and vulnerabilities of affected people in many parts of the country.",1
10795,"The majority of IDPs in the Tall Refaat area rely on humanitarian assistance to meet their basic survival needs. Local markets are starting to function, with commodities available; however, prices are approximately 20 per cent higher than in Aleppo city. Many IDPs are unable to afford such prices due to a lack of gainful employment opportunities and depleted savings. Regular humanitarian access and deliveries to the IDPs are therefore urgently required to assist the displaced population.",3
2386,"The Ministry of Health reports 980 health institutions, among them 71 hospitals, 122 basic health care centers, 87 social institutions (maternity care centers, nursing homes, senior care centers, etc.), and 378 Family Doctor's Offices.  In hospitals such as the Hermanos Ameijeiras Hospital in Havana and the Roberto Rodríguez Hospital in Morón, Ciego de Ávila, impacts are still being reported to the hyperbaric oxygenation service, the linear accelerator, and in outpatient and elective surgery rooms.",4
2425,"19 new suspected measles case-patients were reported in week 20, bringing the total number of cases reported in 2018 to 1,319. Currently, there were 55 case-patients of Acute Jaundice Syndrome (AJS). Since January 2018, a total of 2,146 AJS case-patients have been reported in EWARS.  In week 20, 6,281 Acute Watery Diarrhea (AWD) case-patients were notified through Indicator Base Surveillance in EWARS bringing the total number of reported AWD case-patients to 98,702 in 2018. AWD Preparedness and Response Plan with case report form (CRF), case investigation form (CIF) and outbreak line list shared with the partners.  In week 20 of 2018, unexplained fever, acute respiratory infections (ARI) and AWD are the three leading syndromes with highest proportional morbidity of 13.2%, 9.4% and 7.8%, respectively. These are syndromes at risk of causing severe outbreaks during monsoons and are being monitored by WHO team. ",4
10810,"Cumulative precipitation for the early part of the wet season through November 2017 has been below average in areas where precipitation is typically significant, particularly in the north and northeast. However, reports from farmers and extension agents indicate that winter wheat planting has progressed, with delays reported in Baghlan and Kunduz Provinces.   The ongoing La Niña increases the probability for below-average precipitation in Afghanistan during the peak of the wet season (January – April 2018). Although below-average precipitation is most likely, current conditions in the Indian Ocean may somewhat mitigate the impact of La Niña on precipitation outcomes. The timing and distribution of rainfall in March and April will be an important factor for any eventual impact on rainfed staple production.   Approximately 375,000 people have been displaced by conflict in 2017 through November. Recent years have seen a drastic increase in the number of conflict-induced displacements, with 2016 registering as the worst year since 2002 with approximately 670,000 people displaced. With a concurrent weakening in casual labor markets, many displaced households are unable to meet basic food and non-food needs without external assistance.   Due primarily to the disruption of ongoing conflict on livelihoods activities, continued weak labor opportunities, and poor rainfed staple production in 2017, It is expected that the number of people facing acute food insecurity during the 2018 lean season will be greater than the previous year. Available evidence indicates that populations facing Crisis (IPC Phase 3) or worse outcomes are present throughout the country",3
7139,"People living in makeshift shelters went up by 7 per cent from 6,508 to 6,974, corresponding with the increase in number of returnees from round XV to XIV. The number of partly damaged shelters also went up by 11 per cent from 35,917 to 40,185",10
11248,"One new case of wild poliovirus type 1 (WPV1) was reported this week from Kama district, Nangarhar province. Onset of this latest case was 1 January 2018. This is the ?rst ocially reported WPV1 case in Afghanistan in 2018, and highlights the challenges faced by the programme in the last few areas where the virus is still circulating, and the importance of identifying and vaccinating every last child. One new WPV1 positive environmental sample was reported this week, collected in Kandahar district, Kandahar province on 27 December. A vaccination campaign using bOPV was completed last week, targeting over ?ve million children.",4
4090,"An estimated 175,000 people have no access to safe potable water due to contamination of wells and water-sources, with indications that water-borne diseases such as diarrhoea are on the rise. ",4
2963,"“I appeal to the tribes fighting in Banyaley to stop the battle and contention s to be smoothed on the negotiating table. I want confrontation to be over in this region and peace to be our ultimate goal” said the new commissioner.  Besides, they will work on development and peace and to tighten the belt for reconciliation among Hiran people according to Commissioner Ibrahim.  This appeal comes amid a tragic confrontation of tribes is ongoing in Hiran region where death and injuries have been reporting on the fighting sides.",9
9029,"Thousands of people in in the disputed area of Abyei are likely to face severe hunger due to lack of food and growing population after many families fled violence in other parts of South Sudan, a top administrator.The head of Abyei administrative area, Kuol Alor, told Radio Tamazuj that that there is an acute food shortage in the region. He further said the situation is worsening with the increasing influx of people fleeing the war in South Sudan. Alor called on aid agencies to provide humanitarian aid to the refugees to avert a humanitarian crisis in Abyei, while criticizing the UN peacekeepers in Abyei (UNISFA) for failing to carry out development projects in the area.Sudan and South Sudan are disputing the oil-rich Abyei, an area inhabited by Sudan's Arab Misseryia tribe and South Sudan's Ngok Dinka tribe.",3
10391,"After a week of extensive and indiscriminate shelling, the government-controlled town of Avdiivka in eastern Ukraine finally got its first night of relative calm Saturday, and Sunday brought restored electricity. ",7
8320,"As of late July 2017, more than 350 000 refugees and asylum seekers are residing in Kigoma and Kagera regions as a result of violence and political instability in Burundi and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Most refugees face difficult food security conditions, especially new arrivals that have not been able to plant their own crops and consequently rely entirely on humanitarian assistance.",3
10257,"In early January, severe flooding caused by Cyclone Ava resulted in widespread crop loss in areas of Atsimo Atsinanana and Vatovavy Fitovinany, reducing food availability, interrupting livelihoods and leading to Crisis levels of acute food insecurity for poor households until May. With the coming harvest in June, FEWS NET projects household food security to improve to Stressed levels, although the risk of further harvest loss due to another cyclone will continue through April. ",3
11512,"Floods have affected the water supply and disrupted the provision of medical care and sanitation actions, heightening the risk of waterborne diseases. Argentina Institute of aqueducts and sewers has been working to restore services in the affected communities, and it is providing bottled water to the affected population; isolated communities, where floods have affected water supply systems and wells, remain. Due to the poor hygienic conditions, waterborne diseases are a primary concern, vector control has been made more difficult by saturated water drains and inadequate solid waste disposal. Consequently, the need to restore water and sanitation conditions and implement vector control actions is vital.",11
4543,"Now, nearly 225,000 households (or about 900,000 people) face food insecurity. The most vulnerable groups are struggling to earn an income after losing their own crops and have fewer employment opportunities. In ten districts, a previous joint assessment showed that about one third of the drought-affected population had its regular income reduced by more than half, compared to the income generated from the 2015-2016 Maha season.",3
2857,"“Pray for me and light a candle,” he told Génesis before bidding her goodbye and joining 30 other passengers crowded aboard the fragile vessel. They left the port of San José de la Costa just before dawn.The boat never made it to Curaçao. It capsized close to the island’s southeastern coastline on January 10. Search and rescue operations led mainly by the Curaçaoan authorities were hampered because the Venezuelan government had ordered a temporary shutdown of air and maritime traffic with Curaçao and two neighboring islands a few days before. Rescue teams recovered only five bodies. The rest, including Jóvito, are still missing.Venezuela is in the grip of a human rights crisis that has forced people to make a desperate and hazardous 60-mile journey to Curaçao, a Dutch-Caribbean island, in search of safety and subsistence. Many are fleeing political persecution following a government crackdown on dissent that has led to the deaths of at least 120 protestors.Some are leaving because they can no longer feed their families due to hyperinflation and chronic food shortages. Others have left in search of functioning health care and medicines that are no longer available in Venezuela. The shipwreck in January was a sign of just how desperate things have become.",9
3829,"From 2015 to 2016, overall IDP food insecurity has increased: only 6 percent of all IDPs  were food insecure (moderately or severely) in 2015. In addition to those already food  insecure,  62  percent of  all  the  IDP  households  are  at  risk  of  slipping  into  food  insecurity. The  developments  are  related  to  the  significant  rise  in  food  prices,  depreciation of the Libyan dinar, as well as the lack of liquidity in the Libyan banks. ",3
9127,"A total of 107 suspected meningitis cases have been listed in the two locations (Iyire and Imurok), with 28 deaths giving a case fatality rate of 26% (WHO standard for optimal control is CFR <10%). This is a very high case fatality rate, mostly driven by the fact that most of the cases did not visit health facilities either because of cultural beliefs or because the facilities were not functional.",4
11329,"Local rice prices have reached record highs and state reserves are at six-year lows in the wake of flooding in April that wiped out around 700,000 tonnes of output.  The state grains buyer earlier this month said it would ship in 600,000 tonnes of rice after the flooding, initially issuing two tenders for a total of 100,000 tonnes of rice, its first such tenders since 2011.",0
1756,"Only 145 of the 296 sexual violence survivors had accessed any post-rape medical care due to a range of obstacles, such as a lack of medical facilities, cost of travel to such facilities, and fear of stigma and rejection. Of these, only 83 survivors confirmed that they had disclosed the sexual violence to health care providers, thus allowing for comprehensive post-rape health care. In only 66 cases had survivors received any psychosocial support. ",9
11089,"Gov. Kashim Shettima of Borno has expressed shock at the abandonment of classes by public school teachers in spite of efforts to revive the education sector ravaged by the Boko Haram sect.  Shettima made the observation when he paid an unscheduled visit to Lamisula Primary and Junior Secondary School located in Maiduguri, the Borno capital.",2
1666,"more than 100,000 houses were damaged in Chittagong and Cox’s Bazar district",10
6487,"By end November, 20,809 suspected cases of measles have been reported from Nugaal, Mudug, Bari, Banadir and Lower Shabelle, 84% of these being children under ten years of age. This year, UNICEF has vaccinated 602,344 children against measles, and is supporting preparations for a national measles vaccination campaign expected to reach 4.2 million children nationwide",4
3890,"The report also pointed to a drop of 3 per cent in education enrolment last year, “due to fear of contagion, high risk rates in many cities and the residents’ deteriorating living conditions”.",2
8509,"Paramilitary gendarmes firing in the air sealed off access to Ivory Coast's main port on Wednesday, forcing companies including cocoa exporters to close down, as weeks of unrest in the security forces showed no signs of easing.",9
7291,"Meningitis (suspected) ! There were three new meningitis cases from Bentiu PoC in week 10. Two of the cases were positive for Streptococcus pneumoniae by rapid pastorex. Since week 47 of 2016, a total of 18 rapid pastorex Streptococcus pneumoniae cases have been reported (Fig. 11c). Only one rapid pastorex Neisseria meningitidis Y/W135 case has been reported since week 47 of 2016 (Fig. 11c). Figure 11d shows the attack rates (cases per 100,000) and case fatality rates by week for suspect meningitis cases in Bentiu PoC. While the alert threshold has been surpassed for at least four weeks since week 47, the epidemic threshold has not been reached. The current trends are still below the epidemic threshold. Surveillance for suspect cases of meningitis is high in Bentiu PoC and countrywide. Nearly 40% of the cases are below one year and 68% are below five years of age. Children and young adults constitute 53% of the cases. Males constitute 61% of the total cases reported (Table 4c). Heighten Surveillance for meningitis has been maintained across the country, especially in the high risk locations Like Malakal and Bentiu PoC. This being the meningitis Season all health facilities and Partners have been urged to increase their index of suspicion, and to ensure that all patients meeting the suspect case definition for meningitis are investigated and where possible samples collected and notifications sent to the next level for prompt action. The second phase of the MenAfriVac preventive campaigns are slated for the fourth quarter of 2017 targeting the states in the greater Upper Nile region.",4
5198,"Crimean Congo Hemorrhagic fever(CCHF) virus was confirmed in Nakaseke and Kiboga districts on 20 of August. Results from Uganda Virus Research Institute (UVRI) indicated that two samples (both males - 19 and 10 years old) were found positive by Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) for CCHF Virus and the results were further reconfirmed by an independent reference laboratory PCR test. ? In an outbreak of Rubella in Busiriba sub-county of Kamwenge district on 21 August, five out of six tested positive for Rubella on Immunoglobulin M (IgM). The district is providing case management to the patients and increased surveillance. The increased cases of Rubella indicates that Uganda is ready for introduction of Rubella containing vaccines. ? Suspected Cholera: In August, two patients were admitted at Busia HCIV for suspected acute watery diarrhea/cholera. The stool samples were taken to Mbale Regional Referral Hospital for examination and the tests were negative for cholera. There are no confirmed Cholera cases in Uganda in 2017 to date. ? The malaria outbreak in the ten (10) former Indoor Residual Spraying (IRS) as well as in Arua district in Northern Uganda has been reported since April 2015 and has raged on despite multiple inter-agency efforts",4
8602,"Humanitarian needs in western Mosul remain high, with shortages of food and water being reported. Although some areas of western Mosul are accessible to humanitarian partners, regular water supply has been very severely impact by the conflict resulting in serious shortages of water supplies of acceptable quality.",5
4746,"UnitingWorld is supporting a joint humanitarian response by ACT Alliance members to deliver emergency food and shelter; health, nutrition and WASH programs to the Rohingya community in Cox’s Bazar, Bangladesh.",10
9657,"The Bethlehem-based Palestinian NGO Badil reported a significant increase in Palestinian injuries in the refugee camps last year, the majority of which were caused by live ammunition. Most of the gunshot wounds were directed at the lower limbs of the youth in the camps, now commonly referred to as 'kneecapping'. Residents of the Dheisheh camp say that an Israeli army commander, who the youth in Dheisheh refer to as 'Captain Nidal', has been threatening to intentionally disable Palestinians in the camp. 'I will make half of you disabled and let the other half push the wheelchairs,' he has been reported as saying. Badil underscored that the threats indicate that incidents of 'kneecapping' are 'not accidental or isolated'. But instead 'result from a systematic Israeli military policy aimed at suppressing resistance, terrorising Palestinian youth, and permanently injuring them and/or causing significant damage to their physical and mental well-being'.",9
4856,"Mass displacement as a result of persistent drought conditions continues across Somalia. According to the latest data consolidated by IOM’s Displacement Tracking Matrix (DTM), an estimated 856,000 people have been displaced as a result of the drought between November 2016 and June 2017.",3
2946,"Ban Khlong Loi village in tambon Ronthong was the worst hit area. Many families have been forced out of their homes and rubber plantations inundated. Several power poles were uprooted, causing widespread blackouts.",5
6535,"Among the critical damages observed in these areas are loss of subsistence crops and household food supplies due to flooding, with food prices in local markets increasing. Moreover, food availability could be a challenge in some remote areas cut off by damaged roads. At present, households are estimated to have two to three weeks of food stocks remaining.",3
7535,"Our partners in Yemen reported last Friday the deaths of eight Somali refugees who fell into the sea while boarding a smugglers boat near the locality of Al-Sudaf in Lahj governorate, in southern Yemen. ",9
4003,"Almost 11,500 people, primarily soldiers,  have been either killed or maimed by anti-personnel mines in Colombia, according to a report by the National Center for Historical Memory.Nearly 40% of the victims in Colombia were civilians, including 1,142 minors. The figures make Colombia the world’s second most affected country by landmines, behind Afghanistan.Some 98% of the victims fell in rural areas with the northwestern province of Antioquia registering the most victims in 2016, with 17%. ",9
8805,"The central high plains and southeastern Madagascar experienced severe dryness and drought in January and early February. In the south, however, although the rainy season was approximately 5 – 7 weeks late overall levels of precipitation were near average during the month of January.Despite the near average rain and the expected near average harvests of maize and pulses, areas in the south that were affected by drought in the past 3 years will face Stressed (IPC Phase 2) through the remainder of the lean season. ",3
2960,"On 18 August, South Kivu provincial authorities officially declared a cholera epidemic in the eastern province that has become, for years, endemic to the water-borne disease. Since the beginning of 2017, close to 2,400 cases have been reported in the province. South Kivu’s official declaration came a few days after its northern sister, North Kivu, was also declared in epidemic. In Tanganyika, the situation of cholera could worsen in the coming weeks mostly due to unoperational chlorination points in a number of areas, the dysfunctioning of the nationaly water supply company and the ongoing population movement. The lack of actors and means to strengthen case prevention is another obstacle to an efficient response. In the western province of Kwilu, 16 of some 100 people who have contracted the disease died of the water-borne disease between 14-18 August. Kwilu’s Governor deplored that the province does not have a hospital complex specialized in the treatment of cholera. In DRC, especially in rural areas, one in every two households does not have access to drinking water",4
699,"At the level of the normal agricultural calendar of Burundi, the month of August generally coincides with the corresponding post-harvest period satisfactory food supply both in the households than in markets. In the current context, the results of the latest evaluations (Departmental Harvest Assessment of Agriculture and FAO, as well as the monitoring of food security -FSMS) have indeed corroborated a relative good food availability. However, inflation, which was 5.6% in 2016 has doubled since April 2017 and has than doubled in July 2017 to 13.2% (and 19.5% for food inflation) as it continues to increase.",3
5628,"The limited availability of financial resources was reported to be a key constraint to accessing basic services such as healthcare. Among the sites that reported that residents had difficulties in accessing healthcare, the main issues were insufficient funds to purchase medicine (63%), followed by the cost of healthcare being too high to afford (61%). In addition to this, a significant proportion of assessed sites (40%) reported not having access to health facilities within 2km of their location, raising concerns about additional costs that site residents are burdened with as a result of having to pay for transportation to primary healthcare facilities.",4
5270,The food security situation is expected to deteriorate in July–August due to the ongoing insecurity compounded by the lean season,3
8552,"6.9 MILLION PEOPLE IN NEED OF HEALTH CARE IN; ADAMAWA, BORNO AND YOBE STATES",4
7027,"The number of refugees fleeing militia violence in south-eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) and arriving in Zambia has crossed the 12,000 mark – with more than 8,400 arrivals in the last three months.  Some 80 per cent of the refugees are women and children, driven out by the extreme brutality of rampaging militias, with reports of civilians being killed, women being raped, private property looted and houses torched. Most of the refugees are coming from the Haut-Katanga and Tanganyika Provinces of the (DRC).",9
11002,"In Skardu, five youth went missing when the flash-flood swept them away and destroyed Deosai Road at several places in the Sadpara Dam area.",6
9170,"In the aftermath of three years of armed conflict involving the armed group calling itself the Islamic State (IS), thousands of Iraqi women and children with perceived ties to IS have been condemned for crimes they did not commit. They have been stigmatized and punished for factors outside their control – such as being related, however distantly, to men who were somehow involved with IS, or for fleeing from areas believed to be IS strongholds.Amnesty International’s research has revealed that, in camps for displaced persons across Iraq, these women and children are denied food, water and health care; blocked from obtaining the civil documents they need to work and move freely; subjected to sexual harassment, rape and sexual exploitation; and prevented from returning home. This treatment has left these families desperate, isolated and with a deep sense of injustice.",9
4675,"Across the five provinces of the Greater Kasai Region, critical health infrastructures are no longer operational due to the conflict. In Kasai Central Province, for example, more than one-third of health centers have been forced to close following looting, security concerns for health workers or lack of medical supplies, depriving children of vital services and medicine. In Lomami Province, the proportion of affected health centers has recently risen to 10.4% and in Kasai Oriental Province to 8.5%.",4
509,1120 people affected by heavy rainfall. Damaged of crops and houses and lanslide. ,5
8804,"Budget cut hits Omaheke drought effortsWindhoek – The Omaheke Regional Council has reduced the number of beneficiaries of drought relief food by 32 percent from 24 022 to 16 328, citing limited financial resources available for the drought relief food programme. ",3
184,"More than 90,000 people are registered daily on Rwanda-DR Congo border – influx that is of no security threat at all, Rwanda’s chief of intelligence said Monday. ",9
3515,"The husks have been supplied as a replacement to firewood for cooking. Refugees have been sending youngsters into adjacent forests to gather wood, which puts the children at risk and has been degrading the environment by stripping back swathes of woodland every day. ",9
6563,"Staple food prices either remained stable or started earlier than anticipated increases, particularly in the main arid and conflicted affected areas of Darfur, Red Sea and South Kordofan states between February and March.In the main collection and consumption markets of El Obied, Sennar, Nyala, Zalengi, El Fasher and Kadugli, prices reported five to 16 percent monthly increases due to high market demand for local consumption which coincided with relatively low supplies resulting from locally below-average production. Current level of staple food prices remained on average over 45 percent above the recent five-year average due to the continued high inflation, local currency depreciation and the extremely high production cost of this year. ",3
2585,"Health and Nutrition: Distribution of 50 UNFPA reproductive health kits that covered the reproductive health needs of 30,000 people for three months in nine districts in Zambézia. UNICEF provided seven tents, two interagency kits for medicine and supplies to support the set o f emergency clinics in four districts where health facilities were destroyed or inaccessible. UNICEF distributed emergency food rations and nutritional supplements to 3,013 children. Children among the displaced population were screened for acute malnutrit ion and over 150 were referred to treatment centres. For the cholera response, MSF set up CTCs in Tete, Zambézia and Cabo Delgado provinces. UNICEF provided 32 tents, biosafety equipment, medicine, educational material for home visits, water tanks, soap bars and CERTEZA to the affected provinces. WHO provided emergency kits, medicine and medical supplies to the affected provinces to assist up to 10,000 people. WHO provided financial support for the Provincial Health Departments as well as trainings for case management and laboratory support.",8
10259,"Similarly, the 62 suspected cholera cases reported in the Dominican Republic between EW 1 and EW 14 of 2017 represents a 73% and 91% decrease compared to the same period in 2015 and 2016. In fact, 679 suspected cases were reported in 2016 and 229 in 2015. While two deaths have been reported in 2017, 15 and 10 deaths were reported in 2016 and 2015, respectively. Overall CFR is 3.2% in 2017, 2.2% in 2016, and 4.4% in 2015. While 20 provinces (included the capital district) reported cases in 2016, only 10 provinces have reported cases in 2017.",4
6213,"“The Islands affected by the cholera outbreak in Jonglei have been hard to reach for over 6 months, leaving people in desperate need of food, water, sanitation, health services and medicines”, said Dr Allan Mpairwe, WHO Health Security and Emergency Officer. Living conditions are very difficult and people’s day-to-day lives are characterized by lack of basic social services including basic and lifesaving medicines, medical supplies and laboratory reagents in the health facilities, Dr Mpairwe added.",4
11517,"Conflict between Al-Shabaab and Government forces is expected to persist in areas of greatest concern: Lower and Middle Juba, Lower and Middle Shabelle, Gedo, Bay, Bakool, and Hiraan. This will disrupt normal trade and movements, cause displacement, reduce household income through taxation, and result in the loss of lives. Clan conflict in Lower Shabelle is also expected to persist throughout the projection period and have similar adverse impacts. Conflict is expected to be highest during the January to March and July to September dry seasons.",3
6314,"Al -Shabaab recru i ted ch i ldren pr ima r ily in rural areas o f sou thern and cen tra l  Soma l ia. Schoo ls, mad rasas, mo sques and rel ig ious even ts we re  frequen t  recru i tmen t locat ions . Repo rts we re rece ived o f mad rasas h av ing been es tab lished  for the purpo se o f rec ru itmen t, par ticu lar ly in Juba Hoo se and Juba Dhexe reg ions",9
5075,"Around 1.5 million people in the Far North region are food insecure, with 180,000 at emergency level. Almost half of all children affected by acute malnutrition in Cameroon live in the Far North. Severe acute malnutrition rates have reached the emergency threshold in the Logone and Chari Department.",8
11352,"In El Gedaref, the crops in more than 2,000 acres of horticultural farms on the banks of the Atbara and Setit rivers, and in El Mugran and El Fashaga are in danger because of the lack of fuel needed for the irrigation pumps.",0
9234,Sanitation conditions are deteriorating at evacuation centres and in communities hosting the largest number of displaced families. Reports of increased diarrhea cases and of acute watery diarrhea highlight the need to scale up sanitation responses as well as camp management responses.,4
5918,"• The spread of measles continues to be of serious concern, with 4,499 suspected cases reported since the beginning of the year. More than half of these suspected cases (52 per cent) were among children under 5.  ",4
6628,"ed of humanitarian assistance (LVAC June 2017) 39,902 Children under 5 affected by drought 113,569 Children under 18 affected by drought 3,655 Children suffering from SAM 92,083 Number of people with reduced access to safe drinking water as a direct result of the El Ninoinduced drought 38,367 Vulnerable children in need of Social safety nets 763,765 Total number of school-aged children (2015)",8
944," Similarly, the overall human rights situation hasn’t been satisfactory due to the prevalent caste-based discrimination in society, food shortage in remote parts of the country, political interference in educational institutions, lack of implementation of the slogan “Children, as Zone of Peace” and the lack of access made available to general citizens to health services. The state is not able to appropriately pay heed to the human rights of indigenous communities, Dalit, women, senior citizens, migrant workers, gender and sexual minorities and human rights defenders due to which these communities haven’t been able to fully enjoy their human rights. Similarly, even after more than one year of devastating earthquake, the disaster affected victims are still languishing under open sky.",10
11823,"In Brazil, since the beginning of the outbreak in December 2016 to EW 7 of 2017, there were 1,368 cases of yellow fever reported (326 confirmed, 125 discarded, and 916 suspected cases remain under investigation), including 220 deaths (109 confirmed, 6 discarded, and 105 under investigation). The case fatality rate (CFR) is 33% among confirmed cases and 11% among suspected cases.",4
706,"Domestic food prices are high, volatile and likely to further increase, exacerbated by conflict and dwindling economic situation in the country.he governorates under active conflict such as Taiz, Al Hudaydah, Marib, Hajjah, Sa’ada, Shabawa and Al Jawf are the most affected by the escalation of prices. ",3
10219,"The high rainfall intensity has triggered landslides in southern provinces. The Central Committee for Disaster Prevention and Control mentioned landslides to affect district of Nam Can, Ngoc Hien and Dam Doi of Ca Mau Province. At least 25 houses were reportedly damaged so as several hundreds of riverbank. In order to minimize the further impact, the provincial authority has moved and relocated 1,000 people in the prone areas.",10
6457,"As of 6 February, over 1,000 families currently in tented settlements in three different locations. Local civil societies report the need for food, items for infants, mattresses, blankets, and hygiene kits, as well as essential health care.",4
9748,"They have detained boys as young as 13 years old, and men in their 70s. In one case, the LNA detained a 13-year-old boy who was held in order to force the family to hand over his older brother, who was suspected of being a fighter aligned with the BDB. Those detained are being held incommunicado, and many families have said they have no information on the whereabouts of male relatives who have been detained. We have received reports that those detained have been subjected to torture and threats.",9
2196,"180,000 residents of Nablus suffering acute water shortage since June. Residents of Nablus lack sufficient water all year round and especially in summer. The shortage has grown worse in recent years due to low rainfall. Israel prevents the Palestinians from digging new wells and refuses to sell them more water to ease the suffering. As a result of this policy, in summer residents must purchase water privately, at high costs, and use it for essential needs only. Israel abuses its control of all water sources between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean by subjecting Palestinians to a permanent shortage of water.",11
11800,"The Russians were the president and commander of this process, by directly supporting the regime forces to control the eastern neighborhoods of Damascus and end the presence of the fighters there in the middle of May 2017, and ending the series of tunnels and smuggling between the east of Damascus and its Ghouta, and the Russian starvation of the Syrian people in front of the regime forces within their homeland was followed by completing the rope pulling around the neck of civilians, by closing the rest of the crossings, where the regime forces since the 24th of July 2017 have banned the entry of any food, humanitarian or medical material into the Eastern Ghouta, which is controlled by the factions of Jaish al-Islam, Rahman Corps, Amjaad al-Umma, the Islamic movement of Ahrar Al-Sham and Hayyaat Tahrir Al-Sham, and as many of other areas, have left the locals of these areas without medication or food.",4
10601,The number of people admitted to various hospitals in Nairobi after testing positive for cholera has now risen to 88.,4
8178,"Bangladesh officials said they would begin the process this month by sharing with Myanmar authorities a list of 100,000 Rohingya, picked at random from among registered refugees. Haque said Myanmar officials would vet the names against their records of residents before the August exodus, and those approved would then be asked if they wanted to go back. Refugees without documents would be asked to identify streets, villages and other landmarks near their former homes as proof of their right to return, said Haque.",9
2910,"Nicolás and El Aissami spent the whole weekend taking some real action on their fictional war on bread, imposing restrictions and issuing threats against bakers, which include expropriation if they don’t comply with their main regulation: using 90% of their flour for price-controlled bread. The price imposed for that bread is unsustainable, forcing breadmakers to sell at a loss, which naturally means they have to offset this limitation with other products. But according to PSUV’s epic, that makes them enemies of the people, so the government could take over their shops and leave them to the CLAP. Inspections on bakeries will be performed by SUNDDE, the bolivarian militia, the CLAP and the Bolívar-Chávez battle units, their equanimity is ensured. Goodbye bread.",3
11413," The Gaza Strip requires 450 megawatts daily, but by last month was only receiving around 150 megawatts daily.  ",7
2810, Over 300 people died of hunger and waterborne diseases in Baay region since late last year.,3
6537,"Nearly 100,000 people have been displaced by the fighting in Marawi, based on the latest update from the regional authorities. Majority are scattered in different evacuation centers and have been receiving some form of aid, though much more is needed particularly in food and potable water. Another challenge is to reach the many displaced families who have sought shelter with relatives, who also have needs.",11
6017,"“Since coming here, our children have been sick and we don’t have enough money for their treatment.”",4
8361,"In April, the PA suspended the salaries of all 35,000 public employees in the Gaza Strip. Employees staged protests April 12 in front of some banks, which temporarily closed their doors as a precautionary measure. On May 2, Gaza Strip employees received only half of their salaries for that month. Furious workers protested May 10, demanding to be treated equally with their fellow employees in the West Bank, who have been paid consistently. No explanation so far has been given regarding the missing money.",5
5441,": Many types of livelihoods have been affected by the floods, including those of farmers whose crops have been heavily damaged. Among the worst-hit crops are paddy (summer rice), jute (vegetable fibre), dhaincha (multipurpose legume) and vegetables, with around 611,170 hectares of standing crops in 32 districts4 have suffered damages. The damage to agriculture will likely have an impact on the availability and price of food at the local markets as well as the demand for labour over the next months. Lesser work opportunities will reduce the purchasing power of vulnerable households, which will in turn result in a prolonged lean season and negatively affect food security and nutrition status. Another concern linked to agriculture is replanting the Aman crop, especially because seedbeds have been damaged. In addition, the flood situation is making it difficult for farmers to cultivate land as most embankments have been washed away. The floods have also affected availability of fodder for livestock, such as cattle, and reduced safe and secure places for the livestock, increasing the likelihood of cattle mortality. If the situation persists, the affected people are likely to resort to negative coping means such as taking loans or selling their poultry and livestock to obtain money for survival – a situation which leaves them economically vulnerable. Already, many farmers – who traditionally  rear cows and goats to sell during the Eid Ul Adha festival – fear that they may not be able to sell their livestock as expected and have resorted to immediate disposing them off at a lower market value. ",5
260,"Prolonged drought conditions are severely affecting pasture, browse and water availability in most pastoral and agro-pastoral areas. A below-average performance of the 2016 March?May “long-rains” was followed by a harsh and longer-than-normal June-October dry season. Subsequently, the failure of the “short-rains” rainy season, with cumulative seasonal rainfall being up to 80 percent below-average in northern areas, allowed only a minimal regeneration of forage and water resources. Despite some off-season precipitations received in February, higher-than-normal land surface temperatures and a late onset of the 2017 “long-rains” have caused a further deterioration of rangeland conditions to extremely poor levels (see Vegetation Health Index map). Several areas are experiencing exceptionally severe forage and water deficits, including parts of Marsabit, Turkana, West Pokot and Baringo counties, and most of Tana River, Mandera and Garissa counties. In Marsabit and Baringo counties, about 90 percent of the water points are currently reported to be dry. Due to the severe water and forage shortages, livestock trekking distances to watering points from grazing fields have substantially increased. In Garissa, Marsabit, Isiolo and Tana River counties, they are 55-70 percent longer than average. Livestock body conditions are generally very poor, with livestock mortality rates are currently estimated at up to 15 percent compared to a normal rate of 2-3 percent. Milk production is at record low levels, in particular in Lamu, Tana River, Turkana, Mandera, Marsabit and Isiolo counties, where in in February it was estimated at just 2-8 percent of the long-term average.",5
11866," At the end of October 2017, 708 cases of which 23 deaths (death rate of 3.82%) were reported.",4
1656,"WFP, which provides food assistance to about 55,000 Burundian refugees living in Mahama Camp in Kirehe District, and expects a surge of DRC asylum seekers, has also reported funding shortfalls. In the presence of humanitarian assistance, the Burundian refugees in Kirehe continue to face Stressed (IPC Phase 2!) outcomes.",3
8542,"almost 20,000 cases have been registered and 355 deaths since the beginning of the outbreak in June last year.There is a steady decline in the cases of cholera despite the current outbreak being most severe in the country’s history, according to the UN children’s agency.UNICEF and partners are currently conducting cholera immunization campaigns in both areas and other places where cases have been reported. ",4
423,"Scabies has become a problem in Oromia, with 63 631 cases reported from eight zones and 57 woredas as of week 2, 2018. The Amhara region is also affected, with 3 002 suspected cases reported in week 2, 2018. Other diseases reported from 1-28 January 2018 include dengue fever (68 cases) and measles (131 cases). Cases of rabies (10), meningococcal meningitis (7), typhoid fever (872) and relapsing fever (12) were also reported from 22-28 January 2018. ",4
3792,"More than 30,000 people forced to flee an upsurge in violence in the Central Africa Republic to seek refuge in Chad, face hunger and destitution without urgent humanitarian assistance, the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) warned today. The current influx of mostly women and children, arriving southern Chad since the outbreak of fighting in the north-west of the Central African Republic in late December 2017, brings to 100,000 the number of Central African refugees living in Chad.",3
3093,"Rates of child forced marriage are exacerbated by conflict and crisis, which have been particularly pronounced problems in South Sudan, the nation that split from Sudan in 2011 following decades of debilitating war. Conflict has continued nearly unabated since then, displacing millions of people and causing widespread food shortages.Adolescent pregnancy frequently follows early marriage, as well. At 158 births per 1,000 women aged 15-19, South Sudan has one of the highest rates of adolescent pregnancy in the world. Combined with one of the world’s worst maternal mortality rates at 789 deaths per 100,000 life births, early marriage has dire consequences for adolescent girls. ",9
2812,"The nutrition situation remains of serious concern. In 2017, 142,000 under-five children are expected to suffer from severe acute malnutrition (SAM), and about 21,300 children (or nearly 15%) are expected to also develop medical complications.",8
8627,"In the beginning of 2016, the El Nino caused severe drought in Somaliland and Puntland. The drought had a significant impact on the education system leading to a rise in dropout rates and closure of schools. In April 2016, the Education Cluster estimated that as many as 180 schools and up to 34,000 students in Somaliland and Puntland were directly affected by the drought.For Puntland this constituted 30%5 of the schools in drought affected areas. The increased dropout rates were caused by a number of reasons including families being forced to enlist children to search for water and food resources. In addition, the rising food and water prices cut into the incentives for teachers provided by parents and communities leading to higher teacher absenteeism. ",2
6308,"On 4 January 2017, military and Civil Administration personnel arrived at an agricultural area near the village of Tuqu’, Bethlehem District, where Palestinian farmers live and raise livestock and various crops. Some of the farmers live on the land throughout the year, and others only in certain seasons. These communities are not connected to the water supply network of Tuqu’, as the land lies in Area C where Israel does not allow the development of water supply infrastructure for the benefit of Palestinians. In recent years, farmers dug several cisterns to collect rainwater, with the financial aid of an international humanitarian organization. The troops demolished seven cisterns and several farming-related sheds",11
1109,"1,985 Homeless people 45 Districts Affected 2,579 Homesteads damaged 246 Fatalities 72 Dams Breached",7
7925," 65 cases of dengue suspected and five cases confirmed by RDT (rapid dx test), as of 27 January.",4
3366,"Shortage of safe water for populations trapped inside western Mosul remains a concern and a potential risk for outbreaks of water borne diseases such as acute watery diarrhea. As the cholera season is approaching, preparedness measures by the MOH, WHO, health and Water Sanitation and Hygiene partners have stepped up. ",11
11808,One person died and another was infected with cholera in the rural areas of Abu Jubeiha in South Kordofan state this week,4
1804,"Amnesty International has corroborated new evidence the Saudi Arabia-led coalition recently fired Brazilian-manufactured rockets containing banned cluster munitions striking three residential areas and surrounding farmland in the middle of Sa’da city, injuring two civilians and causing material damage. The attack, which took place at 10.30pm on 15 February 2017, is the third confirmed use of Brazilian-manufactured cluster munitions documented by Amnesty International in the last 16 months.",9
5735,"Based on available information, at least 16 hospitals were evacuated fully or partially as facilities were directly affected by the floods or exposed to landslides according to the World Health Organization (WHO) and partners. Affected hospitals are evacuating critical patients with the support of the Sri Lanka Armed Forces. Several hospitals in the affected areas are without electricity which has critically impeded their operability.",4
10895,"On Friday, three residents of Kalma camp for the displaced near Nyala, capital of South Darfur died of cholera. With the spread of cholera to South Darfur, 14 Sudanese states are now affected. Kalma, hosting more than 120,000 displaced, is one of the largest camps in Darfur.In the Naivasha camp for the displaced near Shangil Tobaya in North Darfur’s Tawila locality, a girl died on Friday. ",4
8679,"Al-Shabaab insurgents continue to be active in the eastern counties bordering Somalia. These attacks are generally close to the Somali border and are concentrated in Man- dera County in the extreme north east (see Figure 8). The majority of recent attacks are IED or other explosions, typically targeting civilians or local police. When attacking the Mandera area, al-Shabaab typically launches raids from the adjacent Somali town of Bula Hawo, and often returns back to Somalia the same day. Over the past month, al-Shabaab’s focus has shifted to Lamu County in the south where a series of attacks caused nine civilian fatalities and a destroyed police post over the course of only a few days (The Independent, 8 July 2017). An emerging tactic of the group is the abduction of security personnel for ransom or to extract strategic informationfrom the abductees (Somali Update, 16 May, 2017). Oth- er al-Shabaab targets are telecommunication masts and other radio equipment, with the intention of cutting mili- tary communications between Mandera and the rest of the county. Attacks on communication infrastructure sometimes foreshadow an upcoming attack on soldiers or other government personnel, as victims are less able to call for reinforcements. ",9
4826,"at the national level, about 148,458 persons are food insecure or vulnerable to food insecurity representing approximately 8% of the total population (of which 0.6% are severely food insecure) of the 2015 projected population of The Gambia. This represents an increase in the proportion of the food insecure population from 5.6% in the 2011 CFSVA.",8
11862,"During mid-February, approximately 491 tents were damaged as a result of heavy rains and flooding in several camps in Anbar. Core relief items (CRIs) and food of some 869 IDP families were destroyed as a result. UNHCR replaced tents and CRIs, while local authorities provided a heavy-duty vehicle to assist families and drain rainwater from the camp",10
1624,"The trend of sharp increase in new cases is expected to continue. Out of the 48 new cases recorded during week 16 (17-23 April 2017), 96 per cent were unimmunized. The proportion of affected adults in this outbreak is somewhat higher (16.7%) than during the previous outbreak in 2009 (10.5%). The total proportion of unvaccinated persons affected by the epidemic among the total population increased from 81.9% in week 15 to 84% in week 16.",4
11495,"In February 2018, population displacement was reported in Unity and Central Equatoria following clashes between government and opposition forces. From 16 to 17 February, fighting in Bauw, Koch County (Unity), led to civilian deaths, destruction of homes and displacement. Brief clashes were also reported in Leer town. In Central Equatoria, over 3,360 IDPs (653 households) were displaced from Makaia to Yei town, after fighting broke out.",10
7986,"In the same context, the Israeli authorities issued at least 38 demolition and stop-work orders against residential and livelihood-related structures in seven communities in Area C and East Jerusalem. Seven of these orders targeted Jabal al Baba (Jerusalem), one of the 46 Palestinian Bedouin communities in the central West Bank at risk of forcible transfer due to Israeli policies that create a coercive environment. Another seven structures targeted in the Shi’b al Butum community (Hebron) had been provided as humanitarian assistance and funded by the oPt Humanitarian Fund.",10
7543,"Out of the 516 medications on the essential drug list, 223 drug items (43%) were at zero stock levels in November, out of which 198 drug items are completely depleted. Drugs used in the emergency departments and intensive care units were at 48% zero stock at the end of November.",4
2640,"However, given the two consecutive years of poor production in southern and central regions, poor household income remains below average. Some of the most vulnerable households, who were unable to recover due to various factors, including those who had disrupted livelihoods caused by the armed conflict in the affected areas and experienced localized rainfall irregularity, had below-average crop production. These households are in the process of rebuilding their livelihoods and are likely facing Stressed (IPC Phase 2) or Crisis (IPC Phase 3) acute food insecurity and may still require some targeted humanitarian assistance.",3
2167,"In 2015, more than 25 000 new cases of cutaneous leishmaniasis were reported in Afghanistan, although the actual number is likely to be much higher. Kabul suffers from the highest cutaneous leishmaniasis burden in the world, with around 10 000 new cases reported every year. ",4
1396,"In addition to the challenges presented by the vast territory in which it is deployed and the presence of asymmetrical threats, the mission continues to lack adequate resources to implement its mandate properly. Critical missing equipment and capacities include utility and armed helicopters and additional escort-dedicated capacities, as well as medical capacities. In an 8 May report on the operationalisation of the G5 Sahel Joint Force, the Secretary-General expressed his deep concern at the lack of available funding for the mission to provide adequate support for the force and to deliver on the additional tasks mandated by resolution 2391.",9
326,"? Since 11 March, the total estimated number of internally displaced people at collective shelters exceeded 50,000 people, more than double what was reported on 17 March.Most shelters do not have the capacity or infrastructure to accommodate the large number of people arriving. Some sites are not suitable to host IDPs and overcrowding is impeding needed rehabilitation work.A number of protection concerns have been identified at the collective shelters, such as GBV risks, unaccompanied and separated children, and restrictions on the movement of IDPs.",9
8727,"In Eastern Jonglei, a trend of declining food security has been seen in March. The most significant decline was in Uror, as access to food decreased from 81% in February to 30% of assessed settlements in March, which may have been affected by clashes around Yuai",3
3988,"A recent assessment indicated that 44 primary schools (36 in Area C and eight in East Jerusalem), currently serving about 5,000 children, are at risk of demolition or seizure on grounds of lack of building permits",2
6935,"Despite moderate price declines in most markets in January and February 2017 in anticipation of the harvest, the overall tighter domestic maize supply situation and inflationary pressure from the currency depreciation has contributed to sustaining generally higher year-on-year maize prices. Furthermore, prices spiked in the southern market of Chokwe to nearly double their year earlier values as of February 2017, due to the impact of Cyclone Dineo, which destroyed crops and infrastructure, causing temporary food supply shortfalls. The national year-on-year inflation rate stood at 21 percent in February 2017.",3
4784,"13,000 Refugee children in need of sustainable access to clean drinking water",11
2768,"Big leap in dengue cases in Vanuatu Confirmed cases of dengue fever in Vanuatu have nearly doubled since the end of last month. Vanuatu's Ministry of Health said the number of suspected cases stands at 596 compared with 356 in December. Only 6 out of the 112 infected people were hospitalised. Confirmed cases of mosquito borne disease reached 112 from 66 last month. The Vanuatu Daily Post reports health authorities said a combination of factors are responsible for the spike including increased movement of people between provinces during the Christmas and New Year period, and the ongoing rainy season which creates breeding sites for mosquitoes.",4
6045,"3.8 m displaced; 7.7 m in food insecurity and livelihood crisis (Jun-Dec 2017 IPC); 472,000 refugees; Chronic malnutrition: 43% of children under 5 years old.",5
8475,"As of now, only 45 per cent of the land used for agriculture has been cultivated in the Mahaweli sector. Of that, 35 per cent includes rice, while the remainder includes other organic food products. There areas will get priority with water from irrigation tanks in the Mahaweli sector and not new cultivations",0
11815,"“We have observed that the worms have now attacked the whole country,” Ministry of Agriculture, Irrigation and Water Development’s Principal Secretary, Erica Maganga, confirmed in an interview yesterday. ",3
1113,"Bharat, who was referred from Mithi Civil Hospital to Hyderabad, died on the way to the hospital as the government-owned ambulance carrying the ailing boy broke down due to hot weather.  Earlier, another infant named Menhal Halepoto also met a similar fate as his ambulance too broke down on its way to Hyderabad.",4
786,"500,000 people, including 200,000 children, in need of safe water, sanitation and hygiene  ",11
879,"Smugglers forced more than 120 Somali and Ethiopian migrants into rough seas off Yemen on Wednesday, leaving 29 dead and 22 missing, according to the International Organization for Migration (IOM).The IOM said it had found the shallow graves of 29 migrants on a beach in the southern province of Shabwa after they had been buried by survivors. The IOM said it had found the shallow graves of 29 migrants on a beach in the southern province of Shabwa after they had been buried by survivors.  “The smugglers deliberately pushed the migrants into the waters since they feared that they would be arrested by the authorities once they reach the shore,” said an IOM emergency officer in Aden.",9
673,"In Colombia, in EW 11 of 2018, a case of measles was reported in a 14-month-old male child, Venezuelan national from the city of Caracas, Venezuela, who remains hospitalized. The case was reported by the municipality of Medellín, Antioquia Department. The child arrived in Colombia on 2 March and onset of rash was 8 March. The National Institute of Health reported the detection of IgM antibodies for measles inserum sample and for detection of virus by reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) from a pharyngeal swab on 14 March.",4
540,"When he arrived in Libya, he was met at the airport by an intermediary and taken to a safe house. From there he called his parents who, having confirmed his arrival, paid the agency 6,000 euros. But shortly afterwards, he was picked up by police in Tripoli and jailed for six months. Asked about conditions in detention, Mehedi only frowned.",9
8762,"To help rebuild public trust, the country’s pre-election, transitional government ordered the creation of a Special Criminal Court back in May 2015.    Like previous courts in Sierra Leone, Cambodia, East Timor, and Kosovo, the SCC will have national and international staff and apply a blend of national and international law.",9
11077,"The larger share of the migrants (2600 by 7 October) including pregnant women, newborn babies and unaccompanied minors have been transferred to a hangar of the Libyan Directorate for Combatting Illegal Migration (DCIM). Most are in urgent need of food, water, medical treatment and psychological support.",4
3620,"People’s livelihoods, including farming, fishing and small scale commercial activities—both formal and informal— were severely impacted, in particular in Grand’Anse and Sud departments. In fact, between 70 and 100 per cent of crops were destroyed in the affected areas, the November harvest being compromised. In addition to substantial losses of stocks and crops, livestock was decimated and essential livelihood equipment destroyed. The loss of food stocks and of farming land has forced people to turn to markets, which in turn were heavily affected by the hurricane12 . Affected communities, which in many cases are still resorting to negative coping mechanisms, need immediate support to access to food, in the short term, and restore their livelihoods as soon as possible. Small businesses and micro-enterprises that lost productive assets need to quickly recover. ",5
10247,The children’s ward of Tripoli’s Hadba Hospital was hit this evening as clashes moved to the area around the Rixos complex from the capital’s business district shot up earlier in the day. It is not yet known how many people were hurt in the hospital. The missile that hit building started a fire which was brought under control by staff.,4
8788,"The displaced population, particularly those who are in host communities (94 percent), continue to be faced with mounting protection concerns such as the presence of IDPs in collective sites that are not officially recognized as evacuation centers,",9
5485,At least 48 per cent of IDPs who have been interviewed during protection household assessments report that they are missing one form of civil documentation that has either been lost during flight or was confiscated by armed groups or by security officials during screening.,9
1518,"• As per UNHCR and IOM, an estimated 45,191 documented and 296,370 undocumented people returned to Afghanistan from Pakistan and Iran during 2017. As in 2016, many of these people are returning with minimal assets, and are in need of humanitarian assistance upon arrival as well as income-earning opportunities to begin to establish new livelihoods. Many will likely face Crisis (IPC Phase 3) acute food insecurity if humanitarian assistance funding shortfalls and difficulty in accessing income-earning opportunities persist.  • As of August 15th, more than 202,100 people had fled their homes due to conflict within Afghanistan since the beginning of the year, with displacements occurring in 30 of 34 provinces. Many of the displaced are likely in Crisis (IPC Phase 3), as normal sources of food and income are disrupted. Displacement affects all individuals differently with needs, vulnerabilities and protection risks evolving over time due to exhaustion of coping mechanisms and only basic emergency assistance provided following initial displacement.  • Although the number of people facing acute food insecurity has decreased seasonally in recent months with main season harvests beginning in May/June and related labor opportunities, current populations in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) remain and require urgent humanitarian assistance to minimize food consumption gaps, treat cases of acute malnutrition, and protect livelihoods",3
91,"It took Hadi government forces nearly two months to recapture the port of Mokha — a city a tenth of the size of Hudaydah —which remains heavily militarized some three months later. In reality, an assault on Hudaydah would likely displace half a million people, increase civilian casualties, and impede the delivery of food, medicine, and fuel to a population in acute need.",3
1772,"As of 3 May 2017, a total of 282 suspected cases including 27 deaths have been reported. All reported deaths except for one death are among pregnant women (mortality ratio: 9.6%). To date, five of the six districts in the Diffa region have reported cases, and 188 cases are from the Diffa and N’Guigmi districts. The Diffa region is a region affected by the Lake Chad basin crisis and there is frequent movement across the border. ",4
4153,"Since 17 September, fighting has been ongoing between armed groups for control of the city centre of the coastal city of Sabrata, which has 80 000 inhabitants. Several cease-fire agreements brokered by local elders have failed and the conflict is escalating with heavy artillery shelling taking place. As of 28 September, at least eight civilians have reportedly been killed and an unconfirmed number injured. Up to 500 families have fled to safer areas, while hundreds are still trapped in the conflict zone. The emergency and surgical wards of Sabrata University Hospital have been damaged by shelling. Internally displaced people are in need of food and non-food items. Humanitarian actors are starting to provide essential and surgical supplies to two main hospitals and to assist the displaced.",4
9705,"Myanmar authorities have arrested 11 Rohingya Muslims who were smuggled from the troubled western Rakhine state to the country’s biggest city Yangon, an official said Thursday. “These Bengalis are waiting for traffickers who will smuggle them first to the Myanmar-Thai border, then to Malaysia over land,” he said by phone on Thursday, referring to the stateless minority group with a term that suggests that they are interlopers from neighboring Bangladesh.",9
6690,"The longer-term impact of the electricity crisis is that farmers will lose the incentive and ability to secure capital for investment in highly insecure businesses. As a result, agricultural land requiring costly irrigation may be planted with crops requiring less irrigation, which are normally significantly less profitable. Such a shift would not only drastically reduce farmers’ incomes, but would also limit the quality and quantity of agricultural products (plant and animal) available in the Gaza Strip. This could lead to price increases and restricted access by vulnerable groups to items needed to meet basic dietary needs unless protective measures are put in place. In the long run, an increasing number of vulnerable, less resilient and moderately food secure households are at risk of food insecurity, leading to greater aid dependency. Any additional cuts to electricity will further exacerbate the challenges listed above and make agricultural production activities dependent on electricity even less viable.",5
232,"Malnutrition rates on the rise among recently displaced families from west Mosul. The rate of malnutrition among young children in Al-Salamiyah IDP camp, which opened last week, is currently at 9 per cent, nearly double the rate observed among IDPs in January 2017.",8
3459,"Immediate response to assist 14,767 people (2,953 households) who are in a severe food insecurity situation in 6 districts: Magude and Manhiça in Maputo province, Mabalane and Chibuto in Gaza province , Funhalouro and Govuro in Inhambane province, all in the southern part of Mozambique impacted by drought through:  ",3
9123,"SITUATION OVERVIEW: Since mid-July 2016, torrential rains have caused flooding and landslides impacting 18 of Bhutan’s 20 districts, with Sarpang, Chhukha and Samtse hit the worst. Critical infrastructure including roads and bridges and agricultural land have been significantly damaged. ",6
7698,"In January 2018, 5.3 million people (48% of the population) are estimated to be facing Crisis and Emergency (IPC Phases 3 and 4) acute food insecurity, out of which 1 million people are facing Emergency (IPC Phase 4) acute food insecurity. Compared with the same time last year, this reflects a 40% increase in the population facing severe food insecurity in the post-harvest season.",3
11578,"Myanmar called for calm on Monday after 13 people were confirmed to have contracted H1N1 influenza and a boy had died with flu-like symptoms, raising fears of a new outbreak of a virus also known as swine flu.Three cases of H1N1 had been confirmed in Myanmar's largest city, Yangon, on Friday, the Ministry of Health and Sport said in a statement on Monday after news of the infections had already spread.   The ministry said another 10 people in Matupi - in the remote northwestern state of Chin that borders India - had caught the virus this month.",4
8352,"Many returnees and IDPs are living in extreme poverty and some 101,606 returnees are now living in tents or in the open air. Some 474,869 returnees are living with host families and relatives, while 345,239 live in rented rooms, often in semi-ruined, abandoned houses.There is also a strong trend toward urbanization among Afghan returnees and IDPs in search of better security, essential services and job opportunities. Some 48 percent (1,718,202) of returnees and IDPs in the 15 assessed provinces are living in urban districts. IDPs are more likely to flee to urban areas – 55 percent of IDPs (953,146) relocated to urban districts, whereas 42 percent of returnees (765,056) chose to urban environments.",10
10950,"27 Jan, in Puno, 87 people affected, shelter and school damaged, health facilities damaged, agriculture damaged and roads damaged",4
4232,Shelter is by far the most prominent need in  earthquake-affected areas. Items to reconstruct  houses is cited as a major current need by 30% of  people. Fifty-nine percent of people say they need  cash with most saying that they need the money for  repairing or reconstructing their house.,5
5892,"The nutrition situation in the country remains critical, and food insecurity is expected to worsen in coming months. Results from the December 2016 Food Security and Nutrition Monitoring System (FSNMS) report recorded the highest rates of global acute malnutrition (GAM) in Northern Bahr el Ghazal (14.2%), Warrap (13.9%) and Upper Nile (13.6%). However, recent screening data from southern Unity indicates GAM rates in the area ranging between 25% and 42%. The FSNMS also shows increasing levels of malnutrition in all three Equatoria states compared to the same period in previous years. Contributing factors to the ongoing nutrition crisis includes limited food availability due to reduced planting and harvesting, insecurity, the economic crisis and limited humanitarian access. In Juba, the price of staple commodities such as sorghum and maize has increased by 40 per cent and 61 per cent, respectively, in just the past month, and the overall cost of living has more than tripled in the past year. The high cost of living combined with high levels of inflation means many families are exhausting their coping mechanisms. A report from the Famine Early Warning Systems Network released on 25 January gives a very bleak outlook for South Sudan in 2017, with some areas at risk of reaching levels of food insecurity associated with famine. The nutrition situation in South Sudan remains critical in most parts of the country. Special areas of concern are Greater Equatoria, Western Bahr el Ghazal, Northern Bahr el Ghazal and Unity. The most recent FSNMS results show that the prevalence of malnutrition doubled in Central Equatoria state from 4.2% in December 2015 to 8.1% in the same period in 2016. In Eastern Equatoria, recent SMART surveys conducted in Ikotos and Lopa Lafon found the GAM rates at critical levels (15% - 29.9%) and over 20 per cent of households had poor food consumptions scores. The general food and nutrition situation is likely to worsen in the coming months. Of additional concern are the elevated mortality rates seen in Lopa Lafon and Torit town, which are above the emergency levels for the crude mortality rate. In Northern Bahr el Ghazal, SMART survey results and data disaggregated from the causal analysis has shown GAM rates above the 15% WHO emergency level in all counties. During the reporting period, 1,597 children under the age of five years were screened for malnutrition, bringing the total for the first month of the year to 3,171 children screened. In Unity, recent mass midupper arm circumference (MUAC) screenings conducted in Mayendit, Panyijar and Leer revealed a proxy GAM rate above catastrophic levels in all locations – 41.8% in Leer, 24.4% in Mayendit and 35.2% in Panyijar. A joint rapid assessment mission to Mayendit conducted during the reporting period by WFP, FAO and UNICEF found that most households reported having one to two meals a day, mainly composed of water lily seeds and roots, lalop seeds and palm tree seeds. No cereals were available in any of the markets visited. Anecdotal evidence also suggests the situation in Leer is worsening due to access and volatility of the security situation. Urgent intervention to secure access for humanitarian interventions and delivery of much needed humanitarian supplies is a priority if a catastrophe is to be averted in the state. ",8
9974,"From February 19–25, the UN World Food Program (WFP) conducted a rapid food security assessment and delivered emergency food and nutrition assistance to populations in Borno’s Monguno LGA as part of the UN agency’s Rapid Response Mechanism. According to the assessment, 5 percent of Monguno households, including host community members, returnees, and IDPs, reported poor levels of food consumption—a substantial decline from the 44 percent of households who reported poor food consumption during a similar assessment in late January. ",3
6485,"Among refugees from other nationalities, inability to afford user fees (53%) is predominantly the main barrier to proper care followed by the respondent’s personal sentiment that the treatment is unnecessary (19%). Diabetes and Hypertension were the most reported diseases among the interviewed households scoring 26% and 22% respectively.",4
2479,"In such circumstances, people are less able to withstand the pressure on their livelihoods, when, for example, members of the Imbonerakure steal their livestock.Although economic hardship may be a contributing factor in the decision to the leave the country, in the testimonies gathered by Amnesty International it was rarely cited as the primary reason. In this regard, it is also important to note that the testimonies gathered by Amnesty International point to the impact that harassment, intimidation and extortion on undermining people’s livelihoods.",5
11105,"Last year, the disease had badly affected Bangladesh and now in West Bengal, 800 hectares of standing crop had to be burnt.",0
11113,"Presently the Liberian Government, through the office of the local authorities, is calling on national and international partners organizations to help cover the gaps in humanitarian assistance by providing the following services to the affected populations: 1. Food items 2. Non-Food items 3. Provision of safe drinking water The storms/floods have destroyed a total of 311 houses and a school building. The affected communities are lacking the means to repair their damaged homes. They are in dire need of food and non-food items to help restore their normal livelihood activities.",7
4529,"According to the Peruvian Ministry of Health’s Epidemiological Bulletin for week 4 (21 to 27 January 2018), only 66 per cent of the country’s population has 24-hour access to water from a public water system. Piura, La Libertad, Tumbes and Ica are among the seven regions where 60 per cent of the population only has a few hours of daily access to public water networks. The lowest coverage of water is reported in five regions; three of these were affected by ENSO: La Libertad, Piura and Ica. The scarce access to clean and safe water sources, as well as proper sanitation, increase risks of vector-borne diseases, as well as zoonotic diseases. The disaster and its aftermath has increased the health risks in the flood-affected regions.",11
11576,"Addressing a UN session, the US ambassador to the United Nations Nikki R. Harley said Taliban and Daesh are involved in human smuggling.",9
10321,"There is a risk of delayed opening of schools for the new school year on June 5 and missed schooling for children who are displaced. There are an estimated 36,000 children from 74 public schools displaced. This includes children from 66 primary schools (32,000) and from 8 secondary schools (3,900).",2
3763,"At least 20 National Youth Service (NYS) officers have been infected with cholera in Tana River County.According to Oscar Endekwa, the County Director for Public Health, 21 cholera cases have been reported in the county.Speaking to Nation in his office in Hola, Dr Endekwa said the situation at the NYS camp was under control.",11
3356,"A two-year-old civil war has severely restricted the flow of food into the main Yemeni cargo ports of Hodeidah and Salif on the Red Sea, where all the large grain silos are located.",3
2678,"Effectively monitoring all of DRC’s waterways is impossible. Kinshasa alone has 20 different makeshift ports. Vessels plying the Congo River and its many tributaries are often overloaded or in poor repair, and their captains don’t welcome enquiries from officials. Many, also, dock at night.",4
3336,"By the Municipal Personería, the families are Housed in houses of Family and friends. The number of families May vary, once it is consolidated The population census. Additionally it is reported that in the path Teraimbe remains a number without Identify families who can be seen Affected by mobility restrictions Due to the presence of the armed group. A Committee was held on 9 August. Municipal Transitional Justice (CMJT), in That needs were identified in Protection and food security and Nutrition, however the municipal administration announced that it does not have the resources Sufficient to deal with the emergency",8
2470,"Food insecurity, malnutrition, epidemics, floods and population movements continue to affect vulnerable families in the Niger, while economic migration has reached unprecedented proportions thus increasing the number of people in need of assistance. Increased insecurity on the border with Mali and displacements in Diffa due to Boko Haram attacks occur in a context of sustained poverty, inadequate basic social services and increased population growth that put pressure on already limited natural resources. Despite a promising agricultural season, drought has affected pastoral areas in eastern Niger, reducing fodder and agricultural production. The estimated 10.8 million tonne forage deficit will not only affect the food security of pastoralists, but also the education rate of their children who drop out of school to help their families search for pasture. Natural disasters related to climate change continue to prevent families from meeting their basic needs. Over 200 000 people were affected by torrential rains and flooding of the Niger River that also caused the loss of a high number of animals and the destruction of cropland. Price increases compared with the five-year average and the terms of trade that remain unfavourable for pastoralists, have also worsened the food security situation",3
1967,"The Monthly Humanitarian Bulletin Unless additional funds are provided, fuel reserves for the 186 most critical health, water and sanitation facilities in the Gaza Strip will be exhausted in June.",11
11889,"Internally displaced persons (IDPs) at a camp in Papun District, Karen State, have staged a demonstration to call for the withdrawal of Burmese military forces from the area, as well as a campaign to clear landmines. The protesting IDPs, the vast majority of whom were ethnic Karen, marched around E Htu Hta camp to voice their demands, and said that they are unwilling to return to their own villages until these steps are taken.E Htu Hta IDP camp has a current population of around 3,000, and has been notified recently that its monthly refugee rations will soon be cut.",9
5476,"More than 11,000 people have been affected by floods primarily in the north of the country since the beginning of the rainy season in June 2017. 3 cases of death have been reported. More than 1,200 houses were destroyed and more than 500 damaged. Pastoral communities have particularly been affected with 26,000 animals lost so far. The most affected region is Timbuktu with two thirds of the overall number of affected people and almost 100% of the lost animals.",3
7671,"Markets were generally functioning, though conflict and movement restrictions resulted in access challenges for much of the population. Furthermore, communities commonly reported a lack of affordability of both food and essential non-food items (NFIs) on markets.",7
76,"The situation in Derna has been worsening steadily since the tightening of the siege in July 2017. According to REACH’s findings, the situation deteriorated even further following the clashes on May 15th. Since the recent events, the pace of internal displacement within the city has accelerated, with both displaced and non-displaced populations facing a breakdown of municipal services. The city’s only water desalination plant closed on May 29th due to insecurity, leaving the public water network largely empty. Lengthy power cuts have been frequent, key food and non-food items, including fuel, have been absent from markets, and only one hospital has continued to function. The hospital staff recorded severe shortages of generator fuel and medical supplies, and all assessed neighborhoods were reported to be contaminated with explosive remnants of war.",4
2804,"Following new armed groups clashes in the Haut-Katanga region, 2 000 households have been displaced in Mitwaba territory. In addition, villages have been looted, houses burnt and 10 people kidnapped. The Rapid Response Mechanism to Population Movement (RRMP), supported by DG ECHO, has been activated to evaluate needs of IDPs and affected populations.",7
6399,"The DRDC lobbies for the World Health Organization (WHO) and other relief agencies to develop emergency plans with the Government of Sudan after it has declared the existence of cholera in the country and stopped with using ambiguous terms for the disease.Acute watery diarrhoea is the adopted term for the disease by the Government of Sudan. In cooperation with the WHO it released an epidemiological bulletin this week stating there have been almost 15,000 suspected cases of acute watery diarrhoea, including 279 deaths, from mid-August 2016 to this month – compared to the 820 cholera victims who have died in May and June according to the doctors of the National Epidemiological Corporation.",4
9735,"Partners have identified about 20 children separated from their families during the violence but estimate the total number to be at least 100 – most of whom are in parts of northern Rakhine state that they still cannot access.“The Rohingya children who do remain in rural areas are almost totally isolated. We hear of high levels of toxic fear in children from both Rohingya and Rakhine communities,” she said.",9
3707," Meanwhile, Israeli rights group B’Tselem reported that in 2016 Palestinians experienced the highest number of Israeli demolitions since the group began recording the incidents. At the same time, Peace Now reported that Israel’s illegal settlement construction in the West Bank increased by 34 percent in 2016, with Israeli authorities initiating construction on 1,814 new settler housing units.",10
7947,"Malnutrition related morbidities: An estimated 50% of the population (6 million people) are facing severe food insecurity, with acute malnutrition remaining a major public health emergency across country (IPC). Out of 16 SMART surveys conducted in 2017, 14 showed GAM rate above the WHO emergency threshold of 15%. In June and July 2017, reports of hunger related deaths were received through Public media, state authority, national NGOs operating in Greater Mundri area. The Mvolo multi-cluster assessment reported (July 2017) 74 hunger related community deaths. Food production in 2017 has been affected by dry spells, with food stock exhausted in April 2017. 2,529 children aged 6-59 months were screened from 6 sites of the 4 different Payams. Prevalence of High proxy GAM rate of 20.3% and SAM 5.6% indicates the situation is alarming. Children <2 years were more affected due to suboptimal and inadequate infant feeding and dietary diversity, attributable to challenges in accessing food at household level. ",8
2002,"a field vist to the East region, to the the refugee site of Gado where he met with local authorities, refugees and partners intervening in the site.the necessity to reinforce self-reliance activities, to main the distribution of food rations, and to reinforce basic social assistance (education and health).",2
2384,"The average access rate to income-generating activities for IDPs is very low in the provinces of Kayanza and Muyinga (respectively 10% and 9%) while for the province of Bujumbura Mairie this rate is 68%. In 36% of surveyed collines, the primary activity for the majority of female IDPs is agriculture and daily work in 47% of collines. In 81% of surveyed collines of Bujumbura Mairie, the majority of female IDPs work in small business. A majority of male IDPs are employed as daily workers in 75% of surveyed collines.",5
11373,"An estimated 2.6 million people are internally displaced in Darfur alone, a further increase due to the resumption of violence and insecurity in the Jebel Marra area. With nighttime temperatures down to 7 degrees at this time of the year, recently displaced people urgently need shelter, household supplies and fuel for heating and cooking. Refugees and displaced people who are returning or want to return home in Darfur cite protection, food, household supplies, clean water, education and health services as urgent requirements",4
1385,Health staff: Irregular payment of salaries due to the ongoing financial crisis in the KR-I has affected the provision of health services at public health facilities.,4
8180,"? The sequencing results from two Zika virus cases reported in Malaysia indicate that both are from the “Asian” lineage but are from slightly different strains. The first imported case is similar to the virus that was circulating in French Polynesia in 2013, i.e., a post-2007 “Asian” strain. The second locally acquired case is reported to be a similar to a previously circulating Southeast Asian strain of the “Asian” lineage.  ",5
4634,"Schools have been targets of choice for Boko Haram and the United Nations estimates that 1,500 were destroyed since 2014, with at least 1,280 casualties among teachers and students. In some cases, schools also provided the settings for another of the group’s main tactics: the mass abduction of children. Credible reports indicate that at least 4,000 girls, boys and young women were abducted during the period under review, including the 276 girls taken from their school in Chibok three years ago.",2
9371,"Limited healthcare services, chronic dietary diversity and poor child-care practices have contributed to deterioration of nutrition situation across the country.",8
9991,"In the Education sector, challenges include overcrowding of Early Childhood Development (ECD) centers due to low coverage of services and facilities in various zones, and congestion in primary school classrooms. For example, the classroom / pupil ratio in Bidibidi settlement is 1:143, compared to the national standard of 1:53. ",2
8827,"Increased prices of water and fuel for irrigation had already hurt Daraa and Quneitra farmers in recent weeks.Last month, pro-regime forces captured a stretch of rebel-held territory in southern Suwayda province, more than 100 kilometers east of Quneitra’s farm fields. The advances severed a complex smuggling route that brought cheap, low-grade diesel from the Islamic State’s oil fields in eastern Syria across the open desert and west toward the farms of Daraa and Quneitra. There, local farmers used the cheap fuel to power their irrigation systems and other farm equipment.“One liter of mazot fuel has reached SP500 [approximately $1],” the farmer and father of five said. “The expenses associated with harvesting now outweigh the price of the crops.”",0
8748,"PAPUA NEW GUINEA  According to the Government, the death toll has reached over 100 people. While relief efforts have been stepped up there is still significant access and logistical challenges to access remote communities. Unmet needs remain in many areas of Hela, Southern Highlands and Western provinces, with the most immediate needs being food, water, shelter and access to health services. Displacement tracking has recorded approximately 18,200 people displaced and staying in 26 informal care centres. Thousands more are staying in makeshift shelters that have not been mapped, or with families and host communities. Many health facilities have been damaged, some significantly, while many more remain inaccessible. In Hela Province, 19 of 31 health facilities (not including aid posts) are open, 10 are closed and two are unknown. In Southern Highlands Province, 25 of 46 health facilities (not including aid posts), are open, 15 are closed and six are unknown. Many of the health facilities remain without water and electricity. All schools in Hela remain closed.1 18,200 people displaced",1
11946,"The number of people that MSF is treating for sexual assault is very worrying, according to Brown. In one village, MSF treated 21 survivors of sexual violence in 48 hours, and a few days later, MSF treated 20 survivors in another area.'We know many survivors don’t receive any treatment,' said Brown.'People are still hiding in the bush and swamp areas because they’re afraid of the ongoing violence, and so they don’t have access to basic services, including health care. Until the violence calms down, we can’t reach these people to give them the treatment they need,' she added. ",4
4127,"Cholera is endemic in some states in Nigeria and the country has experience in responding to outbreaks, which appear recurrently in high risk states during the rainy season. Borno State last reported an outbreak in 2015, with over 1 000 cases recorded across 11 IDP camps and some host communities. Several factors are driving the rapid transmission in the current outbreak. These include overcrowding, poor sanitation with limited access to latrines (estimated at approximately 1 latrine per 120 population in Muna) leading to open defecation, and limited access to potable water and use of unsafe/questionable sources. Contamination of water within households without access to proper storage containers and limited/ no chlorination, is also driving transmission among families and cohabitants. Moreover, there is a complex humanitarian crisis ongoing within Borno State, with massive IDP populations (approximately 1.5 million in Maiduguri) and high rates of population movement across the Lake Chad basin, as well as other concurrent outbreaks.",1
9552,"CE:Food security is expected to remain severe through August, as the harvest is likely to arrive late following late planting. Until August, households will rely primarily on markets in urban areas, and some cassava and sweet potatoes that are available near homesteads. With few job opportunities likely, households will have difficulty purchasing sufficient food at expected very high prices. In rural areas, households are expected to have access to fish and wild foods, but very limited access to markets. Emergency (IPC Phase 4) is expected in Lainya and Yei, where much of the population is displaced to rural areas, and in Torit where insecurity has displaced most people to the town. Between October and January, food security will improve with the harvest. Households are not likely to see their crops, given significant disruption along trade routes to Juba, limiting incomeearning opportunities, but crops will be available for consumption and these counties will improve to Crisis (IPC Phase 3). Households in Morobo, Kajo-Keji, and Magwi will face similar constraints to food and income, but have relatively better access to farms, to Uganda, and to border markets where prices are lower. Crisis (IPC Phase 3) is expected in Magwi and Kajo-Keji throughout the outlook period. In Morobo, Crisis (IPC Phase 3) is expected from June to September, but improvement to Stressed (IPC Phase 2) is likely between October and January as security has permitted the majority of households to plant and greater harvests are likely in this county",3
8340,"In South Darfur 5 HFs (Dirbat, Feina, Jawa, Fallujah/beli serief, Soro) in Sharq Gebel Marra are not functioning and inaccessible due to security reasons. In West Darfur there are 35 inaccessible HFs, 30(85.7%) of them are not functioning due to security issues. In North Darfur there are 16 inaccessible HFs, 7 (43.7) of them are not functioning, 5 of them due to security issues, 1 HF is difficult to reach and 1 due to financial constraints.",4
954,"The power transmission line running between Mand and Tamp grid stations, which produces 132 kilowatts has also tripped",7
11712,"In the large maize-producing northern provinces of Cabo Delgado and Nampula, cumulative rainfall levels between October 2016 and February 2017 were below average. Although the rainfall deficits are not expected to result in significant crop losses, the reduced seasonal precipitation is likely to constrain yields.",0
10819,"In Fiji, the Red Cross has been disseminating information about dengue as part of its Tropical Cyclone Winston recovery work since May last year. Fiji Red Cross Health Coordinator Marica Kepa said that people have received information on how to fight dengue through door to door visits and community meetings, including how to destroy mosquito breeding grounds and how to avoid bites and keep hydrated if bitten. ",4
4538,"Children are at heightened risk of malnutrition, dehydration, diarrhoea, infectious diseases, and injury.",8
10359,"Due to enrollment standards and limited facilities, high schools in Marawi City and Saguiaran are unable to accept the high influx of enrollees coming from campuses that have been damaged or have remained closed in Marawi City.",2
9115,"Ethnic and minority group representatives reported needs for education, health care, safe drinking water, and shelter in the Ninewa Plains, noting that insecurity was the primary obstacle for IDP returns to these areas.",4
219,"Agriculture in Malawi is also suffering due to widespread attacks of Fall Armyworm. As of 26 December 2017, over 15 percent of cultivated land was infested, affecting over 695,000 families who rely on farming. This is likely to affect food production, further affecting food security after the next harvest in April 2018. •",0
6461,"On 3 March 2017, Tropical storm Enawo formed in the southern Indian Ocean. As of 7 March, the tropical cyclone was moving at speeds of 10 KM / H and is accompanied by strong winds of 205 KM / H and gusts of up to 300 KM / H within a radius of 70 km around the center. The cyclone hit landfall on 7 March at around 10:30 a.m. local time. Enawo is currently equivalent to a Category 4 hurricane and is a dangerous phenomenon representing a real threat to the inhabitants of the north-east coast of Madagascar.  Enawo will move west-south-west and reach the coasts of Madagascar between Antalaha and Cap Masoala on the north-east. Enawo will subsequently move southwards across the highlands, including the capital Antananarivo. The cyclone is expected to bring a lot of rain, during its passage through the regions. A peak of rainfall is expected in the eastern slopes of Madagascar. Enawo is expected to cross the Island through the regions of SAVA, Analanjirofo, Alaotra Mangoro, Atsinanana, Analamanga, Vakinankaratra, Bongolava, Itasy, Ihombre, Amoron'i Mania, Haute Matsiatra, Vatovavy Fitovinany.According to Malagasy Red Cross, approximately 720,000 people will be affected directly and indirectly by this intense tropical cyclone. Meteo Madagascar has issued a red alert for the north east coastal areas of Madagascar, advising residents to abandon houses on water edges, store drinking water and seek shelter in a safe building.",10
11064,"Worsening food insecurity is primarily driven by protracted conflict and displacements, which have contributed to insufficient crop production (only 61% of the 2018 national cereal needs are met by the harvest), disruptions to livelihoods and persistent macroeconomic deterioration. Livelihoods have been further eroded by climatic shocks, such as prolonged dry spells and flooding, and pest infestations (e.g. Fall Armyworm)",5
597,"Yemen’s crippled infrastructure, food insecurity, failing economy and the ongoing war, mean many are unable to seek out help in time, with hospitals overwhelmed and short of supplies. The situation is particularly bad in more remote parts of the country with little or no access to health services. War, near-famine conditions and a complete breakdown in basic social services, including affordable transportation and access to clean water, are making the outbreak worse.",4
11549,"? Drought is a primary cause of food insecurity in Swaziland, a small, landlocked country of 1.3 million people—70 percent of whom are dependent on agriculture for their livelihoods. Irregular rainfall and prolonged dry spells during the 2017-2018 October-to-March rainfall season, as well as an outbreak of Fall Armyworm—an invasive agricultural pest that affects maize and other crops— have impeded food production. The 2017 Swaziland Annual Vulnerability Assessment and Analysis report projected that approximately 177,000 people— more than 15 percent of the population—would be in urgent need of food assistance during the 2017/2018 lean season—when food is most scarce.  ",3
9008,The foundation said that the people killed during the curfews “were kept on the streets for days and no ambulances were called nor were demands of treatment met for those wounded.” ,9
4367,"“In Somalia, health and aid workers, who work and care for people affected by violence are being targeted. Medicine and relief supplies are looted. Humanitarian workers are detained or denied access to people in desperate need. This is unacceptable”, he added.",9
4062,"The current projected number of children who are or who could be acutely malnourished, has increased by 50 per cent since the beginning of the year to 1.2 million, including over 232,000 cases of potential life-threatening severe acute malnutrition (SAM).",8
9468,"456 affected households,  14 deaths 395 houses collapsed 157,000 at risk  3,054 suffered loss in Niamey  Following 13,14 June rains ",1
7028,"Today, some 700,000 people are displaced and more than half of the population (2.5 million out of 4.6 million people) needs humanitarian assistance. Despite increasing needs—CAR has one of the highest humanitarian caseloads per capita in the world—the humanitarian response is severely underfunded, with just 13 per cent of the funding needed this year. Reliable, predictable funding is urgently needed to save lives and instill hope for the future of all Central Africans.",1
6708,"A massive AWD/cholera case verification exercise took place across 26% of all treatment centers this month, and 87% of new reported cases met the case definition. UNICEF will work closely with WHO to further refine case identification methods at facility level.  Some partners are scaling down their support to Diarrhoea Treatment Centers given a decline in attack rate. UNICEF's position is that a concerted response effort remains vital to ensure the current decline in cases continues and the system is sustained. The next step will be to ensure a strong prevention strategy is implemented, in order to mitigate as many of the risks of such an outbreak occurring again",4
4561,"Between 18 September and 11 November 2017, a total of 1,959 water samples were collected from household (1,335) and water sources (624). 83% (1623/1959) tested positive for faecal contamination (E.coli) as per the Bangladesh Standard and WHO guideline value. The remaining 17% (336/1959) of the samples were found negative for E.coli (0 cfu/100ml) .   A total of 36% (710) of the samples were very highly contaminated (>100 cfu/100ml) and 23% (449) were highly contaminated (>50 and <100 cfu/100ml). Intermediate contamination (<50 cfu/100ml) was found in 24 % (464) of the samples.Among household samples, 91% (1218/1,335) were found to be positive for E.coli contamination. The level of contamination was highest at Balukhali 99% (114/115) followed by 97% at Jamtoli/Thangkhali (112/115), 95% at Burmapara (105/110), Kutupalong MS (279/294), Shamlapur (37/39) and Kutupalong Expansion (284/300). Nayapara RC found to have the highest percentage of safe water with 58% (23/40) followed by 23% at Leda MS (11/47). Contamination of very high level was observed at Unchiprang 68% (21/31) and Balukhali 63% (73/115). ",11
3253,"With soaring temperatures, parched reservoirs and little agriculture-based employment, villagers are being forced to take loans to buy food, water and pay for school and medical fees, activists said, calling it the “point of no return” for farmers. ",4
5603, In Zambia and Zimbabwe chemical spraying was effective on early vegetative crops and variable results have been observed on maize from tasselling to maturity. ,0
5644,"The unprecedented outbreak of plague in Madagascar, which started on 1 August 2017, has been contained, with a marked reduction in human-to-human transmission of pneumonic plague. From 1 August to 24 November 2017, a cumulative total of 2 384 confirmed, probable and suspected cases of plague, including 207 deaths (case fatality rate 8.7%), have been reported by the Ministry of Health of Madagascar to WHO. Since the beginning of the outbreak, 1 828 (77%) have been clinically classified as pneumonic plague, including 390 (21%) confirmed, 614 (34%) probable and 824 (45%) suspected cases. In addition to the pneumonic cases, 347 (15%) cases of bubonic plague, one case of septicaemic plague and 208 (9%) unspecified cases have been reported.",4
1173,"According to the latest Ministry of Health Disease Outbreak situation report dated 23 March 2018, a total of 39 cases of Measles (7 confirmed) have been reported in Wajir East Sub-County, and 73 cases (4 Confirmed) with one death have been reported in Mandera East Sub County (the last Measles outbreak in the country was in 2016). A total 917 Chikungunya cases with 32 being laboratory confirmed are reported in Mombasa County, and 127 cases have been listed in Lamu County, with 4 cases being laboratory confirmed. An upsurge of flu-like illness was reported in Nanyuki County in mid-February, of which two cases tested positive for AH1N1 pd09 subtype and ten were confirmed to be Influenza A H1N1pdm09 positive. Up to 10 cases of Hepatitis B have been reported in West Pokot County. A total of fourteen counties (Mombasa, Garissa, Siaya, Tharaka-Nithi, Meru, Kirinyaga, Busia, Tana-River, Turkana, Murang’a, Trans-Nzoia, West Pokot, Nairobi and Nakuru) have reported confirmed cholera outbreaks since the beginning of 2018. Seven of the counties namely Kirinyaga, Busia, Mombasa,Tharaka Nithi, Siaya and Meru have successfully contained the outbreak. Cumulatively, a total of 2,180 cases with 48 deaths (Case Fatality Rate of 2.2) have been recorded.",4
11178,"Education significantly affected: About 528,000 children need assistance to stay in schools. Baidoa hosts the highest number of newly   displaced children with no access to education.",2
2664,"Cumulatively, 18,040 cholera cases, including 328 deaths (Case Fatality Rate 1.8 per cent), have been reported in 24 counties across South Sudan between 18 June 2016 and 23 July 2017.Active transmission continues in 11 counties including Ayod, Duk, Juba, Kapoeta East, Kapoeta North, Kapoeta South, Nyirol, Tonj East, Uror, Yirol East and Yirol West. However, in the past three weeks, health partners have observed a general decline in the number of reported cholera cases in the country.",4
4528,"Economic analyst Amin Abu Eisha told Al-Monitor the salary crisis has indeed undermined the Gaza Strip’s economy and its residents’ purchasing power. However, he said that while the salary crisis does affect the accounts of the PA employees, it doesn't affect the bank's deposits significantly.",5
7623,"Emergency Shelter/NFI assistance for newly displaced people as well as NFI assistance for refugees and migrants upon disembarkation, and in detention and urban settings. • Rehabilitation/renovation of most vulnerable shelter types. • Provision of cash-based assistance, where feasible, to cover increasing rental costs.",10
2449,"The Rafah border terminal was open for six days during August after four consecutive months of closure beginning in April 2017. For two days exit was permitted for pilgrims only and for four days exit was permitted for pilgrims and humanitarian cases. 5,986 people exited to Egypt, among them 22 patients with 20 companions. 14 patients were transferred by ambulance with 18 companions. No medical aid or medical delegates entered Gaza via Rafah during August. Since the beginning of 2017, the terminal was open for only 16 days during the year allowing 1,222 patients to exit for medical treatment. Before the July 2013 closure, more than 4,000 Gaza residents crossed Rafah terminal to Egypt each month for health-related reasons",4
325,"Since early January 2017, WFP has been granted sustained access to 43 village tracts (158 villages) in the northern part of Rakhine State, which included not only all regular WFP operational areas prior to the security incidents on 9 October, but also newly affected ones. Between 13 and 30 January, WFP distributed emergency food to 40,000 food-insecure people from the villages of Maungdaw north which had been mostly cut off since 9 October. Due to the continued security incidents in the area, 89,000 people have fled to neighbouring Bangladesh and 23,000 have been newly displaced. WFP reached all displaced people in the area and distributions are ongoing.",3
8095,"“In the fight against illegal migration, 4,579 migrants were detained, the vast majority of whom came from countries in Africa and the Middle East, and were trying to reach the United States,” he said at the time.",9
8498,"There are 54 laboratory-confirmed measles outbreaks reported in the country up to week 22, 2017 of which 3 are active in Dannot and Degehamado woredas of Somali region and Alamata town in Tigray Region. The 54 outbreaks were in Amhara (18), Addis Ababa (9), Oromia (11), SNNPR (6), Somali (5), Tigray (3) and Afar (1 outbreak). Oromia remains the most affected region with 32% of the reported cases and this is followed by Amhara (29%), Addis Ababa (15%) and SNNPR (11%).",4
6635,"Mr Muyunda said floods where prevalent in slum areas like Kapoto and Mulenga in Kitwe, Chipulukusu and Twapia in Ndola, due to poor drainage systems synonymous with unplanned settlements.",1
9920,"Out of the total 217,000 IDPs recorded in DTM round 12, 76 per cent of IDPs are living in rented accommodation (self-pay) and collective centres whilst for returnees, nearly six percent were hosted with relatives. Seventy-one per cent of migrants are also living in rented accommodation (self-pay). A shortage of cash was identified as one of the major issues for these population groups, as they spend a major portion of their cash on rent.",10
7583,"An attack in mid-September forced some 1,700 people to flee their villages in Mayo Tsanaga department in Cameroon’s Far North region. The assailants destroyed houses and other property, plunging the victims further into deprivation.The displaced need basic household items, water, sanitation and hygiene services and health assistance as well as education for the children. Insecurity is hampering further assessment to better understand the humanitarian needs. On 3 October, UNHCR, WFP, UNICEF, UNFPA and WHO provided food, shelter and household items, WASH and medical supplies to the Government to assist the displaced.",1
8915,"The village of Marena (where the majority of cases have occurred), is a remote village of 5 000 inhabitants. Erratic rains and droughts have hampered food production, with high rates of moderate and severe acute malnutrition reported. Heavy downpours cause frequent flooding, limiting road access to the region, and greatly increasing the risk of outbreaks of malaria and waterborne diseases such as cholera. These risks are exacerbated by the poor access to drinking water, which is 35% in the Sila region",8
4017,"The presence of UXO was reported in 15 baladiyas (15%) as shown in Figure 36: Benghazi, Gemienis, Alqubba, Derna, Albrayga, Ejdabia, Ubari, Kikkla, Yefren, Azzahra, Zliten, Daraj, Sirt, Al Ajaylat, and Aljmail.",9
7235,"Since 24 January, water levels of the Euphrates River have increased by an estimated 10 meters, partly due to heavy rainfall and snow and partly due to ISIL opening three turbines of the Tabqa Dam, flooding riverside areas downstream.The water has since flooded agricultural lands and also limit the mobility of residents and their vehicles in rural Deir-ez-Zor on both sides of the river banks in some thirteen ISIL- controlled towns.  ",11
11071,"He attributed the causes of the failure to several key reasons, including the dismantling of the scheme’s administration and changes in the irrigation system.",0
1047,"To date, there is a total of 3,114 damaged houses in Region CALABARZON; of which, 432 are totally damaged, while 2,682 are partially damaged. ",10
11398,"The number of homicides in El Salvador slumped by 52.5 percent in the first four months of 2017 compared to the same period last year, officials said on Thursday, crediting new security measures in the violent Central American nation.In the January-April period, 1,133 homicides were reported, compared to 2,387 in the same period in 2016, Security Minister Mauricio Ramírez said.El Salvador, which saw a record number of homicides in 2015, put in place a raft of special measures in April, 2016 to combat gangs, called 'maras'.",9
11435,"One in four Yemenis has lost the power to purchase the highly priced food that is available, and most vulnerable households that depend on market purchases for food have been totally constrained by the current economic crisis.",3
7867,"Plague is endemic in Madagascar and cases are reported nearly every year between the months of September and April. The last outbreak was from August 2016 to January 2017. These epidemics usually provoke fear in the communities, which in turn leads to communities indiscriminately obtaining over-the-counter prophylactic antibiotics directly from pharmacies. Other people wear masks to protect themselves. These exaggerated behaviours stigmatise cases and their relatives, and could promote antimicrobial resistance. More measures need to be put in place to educate the communities on appropriate preventive measures. Focus should be on hygiene promotion in surrounding areas. Plague is only severe when not properly treated",4
2583,"• Tropical Storm Eliakim impacted thousands of people and damaged infrastructure, including schools. • Access to the most affected areas is challenging as roads were impacted by the storm . • About 18,800 people have been affected, including 20 dead.  ",1
5729,"The governor of Chubut, Mario Das Neves, decreed the state of emergency and agricultural disaster in eight departments of the province for six months, during which time producers will have time for the filing of the affidavit and the request for a certificate of damages , Due to excessive rainfall in the center, south and east of the district.",0
6001,"A senior military official of the Sudan People’s Liberation Army-In Opposition (SPLA-IO) has harshly criticized the recently sacked South Sudan national army (SPLA) chief of General Staff Paul Malong Awan, saying Awan departure from the helm of the national army will not change anything in the ongoing civil war.Major General Khor Chuol Giet, the Commander of the SPLA-IO 5th Division, told the South Sudan News Agency that Awan is responsible for recruiting ethnic militias who mercilessly kill civilians with impunity.",9
661,"Homeless people 1,985 Affected health institutions 5 Affected Schools 74 Homesteads damaged 2,579 Fatalities 246 Dams Breached 70",2
2109,Apart from the above there are a lot of women that engage in sex for exchange of money and this is mostly due to poverty and lack of economic security. Whilst others indicated that some of the women exchange sex for money as a survival tactic. One with so much pain illustrated that due to her failure to provide basic needs to her children one of her daughters is into prostitution. Whilst for others as indicated earlier they engage is survival sex to get food to feed themselves and their families and at times even to be allowed to collect firewood for cooking. ,9
11841,"Last week, heavy rains left at least 2,500 people homeless after they had destroyed 106 houses in Tanzania's central region of Dodoma.",10
4165,"A total of 1,719 new IDPs were recorded arriving in Baidoa this week, with only 76 IDPs recorded exiting the town. This is the highest number of new arrivals recorded in over 3 months, and the second-highest total ever recorded in a week by MTT in Baidoa.As for why IDPs were entering Baidoa this week, all named the same three drivers that IDPs have been citing for the past few months: insecurity (48%), lack of food (42%), and health reasons (10%). MTT enumerators noted that IDPs specifically mentioned drought as well as recent threats from Al-Shabaab regarding forced recruitment of children.Like the past few weeks, all arrivals this week came from the districts of Qansax Dheere (49%), Baidoa (36%), or Xudur (12%). The new entries said that their intended destinations inside the town were the IDP sites of Qansax Dheere (25%), Boodaan (25%), Ceel Bay 2 (25%), or Buur Cadeey (25%).Approximately half of the new arrivals said that they intended to stay in the IDP sites for 1-3 months (48%), while the others said they would stay 4-6 months (42%) and only a small number said they intended to stay for longer than 6 months (10%). This is a change from the past 2 weeks where most IDPs were saying that they would stay beyond 6 months.After two weeks of no exits recorded at the MTT checkpoints, 76 individuals were recorded this week. Each of the households leaving Baidoa stated that they were returning home to cultivate farms since the rains had now started.",9
1968,"The Mahawila area in Puttalam remains inundated. Our correspondents say that children and adults in the area are already suffering from various skin diseases. Director of Health Services in Sabaragamuwa, Dr.Kapila Kannangara stated that there is a high possibility of dengue spreading in the area and with the mud deposits in certain areas it could lead to Leptospirosis and similar diseases. He added that there is one medical centre established for every 10,000 citizens in the Ratnapura district with doctors and medicine that are needed.",4
11766,Funding shortage forces humanitarians to use food-security funds to fight unprecedented cholera outbreak,3
8362,"NFI -98% of the caseload report the loss of kitchen items as a result of their displacement. 83% report the loss of blankets, 94% report the loss of hygiene items, and 76% report the loss of water containers. NFIs were the second priority need for 50% of the caseload, and the third priority need for 72% of the caseload.",7
5382,"A new report says that homicide rates increased substantially between 2016 and 2017 in municipalities in Colombia partaking in coca crop substitution programs, highlighting the fragility of the program in the context of intensified conflict among the country’s fragmented crime groups.Homicide rates in municipalities where coca crop substitution programs were implemented increased by 33 percent between 2016 and 2017, according to a new report from Colombia’s Ideas for Peace Foundation (Fundación Ideas para la Paz – FIP).The municipalities where substitution programs were initiated saw the largest increase in homicide rates between 2016 and 2017. The report found that homicide rates in these areas climbed from 41.1 per 100,000 inhabitants to 54.7 in 2017. Homicide rates in municipalities with coca crops but without the program also increased, from 35.5 per 100,000 inhabitants to 39.5 in 2017. Municipalities without coca crops, however, saw a decrease in homicide rates between 2016 and 2017. ",9
8518,"Because of an elevated degree of vulnerability, IDPs primarily spend money on food. Generally, the average percentage of IDPs capable of buying medicines is very low (53%). The Kirundo province has a very low rate of IDPs (3%) capable of buying medicines. This is due to the drought which has highly affected IDPs in this province. However, 100% of collines in the Bubanza, Rumonge and Rutana provinces report that IDPs can buy medicines. This is explained by the fact that these provinces are near the border with other countries where IDPs can be better paid as daily workers or initiate income generating activities.",4
4583,"Rights Groups Say Saudi Arabia Trampling Rights Of PakistanisHuman Rights Watch (HRW) and the Lahore-based Justice Project Pakistan say the criminal justice system of Saudi Arabia is violating the right to due process and fair trials for Pakistani defendants.  'The glaring defects in the criminal justice system are especially acute for Pakistanis, who face substantial difficulties finding legal assistance, navigating Saudi court procedures, and getting consular services from Pakistani Embassy officials,' the groups said in a 29-page report released on March 7.  The report -- called Caught In A Web: Treatment Of Pakistanis In The Saudi Criminal Justice System -- cites 'rampant due process violations' in cases which involve Pakistani citizens.  It says such violations include long detention periods without legal charges or trial, lack of access to legal assistance, faulty translation services, and pressure on detainees to sign confessions.  Saudi Arabia hosts an estimated 12 million foreign citizens, more than one-third of the country's total population. HRW says there are about 1.6 million Pakistanis living in Saudi Arabia and most of them are migrant workers.  HRW says Saudi Arabia has executed 73 Pakistanis during the past four years, more than any other foreign nationality.  It says nearly all were executed on charges of heroin smuggling.",9
6830,"Following the typhoon, 50,000 households are in urgent need of food assistance, and 100,000 households have lost their livelihoods. More than 125,000 hectares of rice and vegetables were destroyed and aquaculture in Viet Nam was severely affected, with 133,000 hectares of shrimp farms flooded and over 70,000 aquaculture cages swept away. The provinces affected by Typhoon Damrey have been affected by a series of storms since 2016, weakening household coping capacities as their productive assets have been lost. The Government of Viet Nam estimates the economic loss to be US$630.5 million.",5
10868,"Food shortages are reportedly causing malnutrition among those remaining in westMosul. According to media reports, among the new arrivals coming from Mosul, a growingnumber of children are showing signs of malnutrition – most of them less than six-monthsold.Families who have managed to flee the city continue to report that food in west Mosul isin extremely short supply. Lack of potable water, electricity, and fuel are also frequentlymentioned by newly displaced families who recently arrived in camps east of Mosul.",3
8574,"Turning to Syria, our humanitarian colleagues tell us that a United Nations inter-agency team conducted an assessment mission to Raqqa on 1 April. Despite a high level of unexploded ordnance on the ground, an estimated 100,000 people have reportedly returned to Raqqa. The team observed an extremely high level of destruction, with nearly 70 per cent of buildings destroyed or damaged, according to the local council. Many services, such as water, electricity and health are absent or severely limited. Some schools have resumed, though they are lacking school materials and other supplies.",2
1998,"WHO and partners continue to support the Ministry of Health to strengthen multisectoral coordination of the response interventions. Regular meetings of the cholera subcommittees are taking place at different levels. • International non-governmental organizations including ALIMA, MSF and others continue to support provision of free treatment in affected provinces. • Evaluation of the impact of recent oral cholera vaccination campaigns is underway, along with strengthening surveillance activities. • The water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) partners continue with chlorination at water points, installation of hand washing points, disinfection of water storage vessels, and activities to raise community awareness on safe water and hygiene practices. WHO dispatched additional materials to strengthen WASH activities. • There is continuous dissemination of information, educational and communication materials, including regular articles in local newspapers and the WHO website, to maintain community awareness of the ongoing outbreak. • Surveillance has been strengthened at Mbandaka and Kisangani Ports on the River Congo and boats are being disinfected to mitigate the spread of infection. • WHO approved an additional US$ 262,000 from the Contingency Funds for Emergency to support response operations. In addition, one cholera focal point is being deployed to support coordination of response interventions.",4
7673,"In 2017, several journalists and activists were subject to arbitrary arrest, harassment, and intimidation while participating in protests or reporting on demonstrations.wo years after Zimbabwe’s Constitutional Court declared child marriage unconstitutional and set 18 as the minimum marriage age, the government has yet to amend or repeal all existing marriage laws that still allow child marriage. It also has not put structures in place to implement the court decision and ensure that girls under 18 are not forced into marriage.January 2017 Human Rights Watch report found that widows are routinely evicted from their marital homes and their property confiscated by in-laws with little recourse to the formal justice system. Many of the victims struggled to claim rights for reasons unique to their status as widows. Few women formally own the property held during their marriage. As a result, they were unable to keep jointly held property upon the death of their husband. They are required to prove they were in fact married, which can pose great challenges, due to lack of access to the courts and the high cost of obtaining the necessary documents to ward off in-laws’ intent on property grabbing. The government has yet to raise awareness, review inheritance and marriage laws, and improve access to justice for women.  Section 73 of the Criminal Law Act punishes consensual same-sex conduct between men with up to one year in prison or a fine or both.",9
980,"The complex humanitarian and protection crisis in the Central African Republic that began in 2012 continues to cause suffering and instability. In 2018, an estimated 2.5 million people, including 1.3 million children, will be in need of humanitarian assistance. Nearly one in four Central Africans is displaced, with 600,000 displaced internally and 538,000 living as refugees in neighbouring countries. An estimated 1.1 million people are moderately or severely food insecure, and in 2018, an estimated 37,281 children under 5 years will suffer from severe acute malnutrition (SAM). Less than half of all children are fully immunized. Of the 1.7 million people without access to safe water, 800,000 are children. With the upsurge in violence, the recruitment and use of children by armed groups increased by 50 per cent between 2016 and 2017. Due to insecurity, approximately one in four children is out of school.",3
10475,"People face multiple, compounded  risks from worsening food security,  poor water quality, lack of functional  basic services and exposure to winter weather conditions, as well as the impact of  conflict.",3
11191,"In another of the valley’s orchards, Sartip Fatah Mahmoud has 800 apple trees in addition to pomegranates. Four years ago, he could sell a kilo of apples for 600 IQD and his best quality fruit went for 1,100 IQD. Now, he gets half that. Before the arrival of ISIS, Mahmoud’s main market was Mosul. After ISIS, he can only sell his product to markets in Erbil. He is also competing against imports from Iran, Turkey, and Syria. Add in damage from weather and he is struggling to survive. In 2016, one ton of his apples were damaged by disease. He made 3.5 million IQD on his apples and nothing on his pomegranate crop after unusually cold weather. Asked how he survives after such a bad year, Mahmoud said “We just thank God.”",0
10856,"In pastoral livelihoods of the North, pasture and water conditions and livestock body conditions are expected to deteriorate further preceding the start of the Deyr rains in October. The situation is likely to be worse in Guban Pastoral livelihood zone due to the long dry period until the start of the projected below-average Hays (December-January) rains. Similarly, the food security situation in Agropastoral livelihood zones (Awdal, W. Galbeed and Togdheer) has deteriorated due to poor rainfall performance which affected crop establishment and production, although resumption of Karan rains from late August through September are likely to improve crop production.Given sustained livestock losses during the prolonged drought, below average crop production during Gu/Karan season, high indebtedness, limited milk production and a projected average to below average rainfall, the food security situation in northern rural livelihoods is not expected to improve, and is projected to deteriorate in some areas through December 2017. Guban Pastoral, Hawd Pastoral of Northwest, Northern Inland Pastoral of Northwest and East Golis of Northwest are expected to be in Emergency (IPC Phase 4) through December. Northwest Agropastoral, West Golis Pastoral and Northern Inland Pastoral (NIP) of Northeast, and East Golis of Northeast are expected to be in Crisis (IPC Phase 3).",5
3798,"Many IDPs, returnees and refugees often struggle to meet their food consumption needs as access to essential household commodities, including food, has been significantly reduced as the conflict has disrupted own production and market functionality, creating financial instability and lack of cash as well as skyrocketing food prices; as a result, the majority of households (75 per cent) who are market-dependent have low purchasing power and have resorted to negative coping mechanisms such as cutting meals, reducing number of meals per day, among others.",3
11871,"As drought conditions deepen, the agricultural and livestock production in riverine, rain-fed, agro-pastoral and pastoral areas in Somalia continue to be severely affected. Given the extent of livelihood losses, recovery from the current drought and re-establishment of productive assets will require several seasons of good rainfall. Rural pastoralists have suffered significant livestock losses as a result of consecutive failed agricultural seasons. The FAO-managed Food Security and Nutrition Analysis Unit (FSNAU) estimates in July 2017 indicated that livestock holdings and herd sizes among poor households had continued to decrease, with some areas experiencing between 20 to 50 per cent livestock losses. Pastoralists in Mudug region have reportedly lost nearly 65 per cent of their livestock due to the severe drought conditions since November 2016. Loss of livestock assets has depleted per-capita livestock holdings and led to the impoverishment of pastoral and agro-pastoral populations in Somalia. This has affected an already fragile agricultural assets and natural resources base with some communities labeling the current drought “Sima” which means the “equalizer”. Drought has equally affected both upper and lower economic groups, according to the Ministry of Livestock. Recovery from the current drought and re-establishment of productive assets will require several seasons of good rainfall.",5
5160,Thousands of cancer patients in Yemen are being forced to seek life-saving medicines on the black market as the health system buckles after two years of war.,4
10616,"Preparations for the yearly Back to School campaign, to be launched in early September, 2017 are ongoing. It will be particularly significant this year in the Kasais, where UNICEF estimates that 150,000 children have lost access to school as a result of violence, damage to infrastructure and displacement. The Education working Group in Kasai (August, 2017) estimated that 404 schools have been destroyed or damaged since the onset of the crisis in the Kasai region",2
6736,"Currently, fewer than 50,000 people in Djibouti are experiencing Crisis (IPC 3) or worse levels of acute food insecurity.* This population is primarily poor pastoral households in the southeast who have not yet rebuilt their herds following three years of poor rainfall, and refugees who are dependent on humanitarian assistance. FEWS NET expects the population experiencing Crisis will increase to approximately 50,000 people in mid-2018 as poor households face difficulty meeting their basic food needs during the lean season.",3
6675,"Malnutrition reached emergency levels in a number of locations, mainly among displaced populations. Overall, some 388,000 acutely malnourished children are in need of critical nutrition support, including life-saving treatment for more than 87,000 severely malnourished children. Malnutrition rates continue to rise, with the  median prevalence of global acute malnutrition rate now at 17.4 per cent, above the emergency threshold of 15 per cent. Internally displaced persons, including more than 80,000 pregnant women, are currently more prone to malnutrition. ",8
8923,"A maternity hospital was attacked in Venezuela's Miranda state Wednesday as the death count in ongoing violent anti-government protests ascends to 53.Three newborns and one pregnant woman in labor were evacuated from the Carrizal Maternity Hospital after the facility was besieged for two consecutive days by opposition demonstrators.According to hospital’s director, Doctor Natalia Martinho, smoke was entering the hospital from the barricades of burning rubble erected just 50 meters from the building by protesters, endangering the health of patients on the fourth floor.",4
11626,"On Tuesday, 8 August 2017, 47-year-old resident of Gaza, Etimad Rabee, died while waiting for a permit to access the Augusta Victoria Hospital in Jerusalem, where she was to receive treatment for colon cancer. Mrs. Rabee’s death comes in the context of Israel’s systematic and increasing denial and delay in granting permits for patients seeking urgent medical care outside of the Gaza Strip. ",4
1558,"UNICEF, together with provincial authorities and other partners, is providing assistance to children and their families who arrive at the camps after days, often weeks of travelling on foot. Many children have witnessed violent attacks, others have sustained severe wounds caused by bullets or crude weapons.",4
5505,"According to Sahismail Bedirhanoglu, president of the Eastern and Southeastern Industrialist and Businessmen Association Federation in Diyarbakir, during the five months of the security operation, nearly 2,000 shops were closed and 15,000 people lost their jobs.",5
4269,"Estimates from the Palestinian MoA suggest that eastern Khan Yunis is the agricultural area most affected, with anticipated losses in actual investment, as high as 60 per cent; in North Gaza and Gaza governorates losses are estimated at 40 per cent. Poor irrigation is also expected to reduce orchard and fruit tree productivity by 20 to 30 per cent, with losses of more than 170 million NIS. More than two-thirds of potato production is kept in refrigerated storage systems that need unbroken electricity. If the situation is not resolved, an estimated 24 million NIS will be lost due to crop damage and increased refrigerator operating costs.",5
4072,"Protection: 2 million people in need.Ongoing drought and conflict continue to drive needs mainly in southern and central regions Conflict dynamics influence the civilian population’s ability and strategies to cope with the drought. Both drought and conflict have led to displacement of the more than 900, 000 people so far. Forced evictions continue unabated. So far in 2017 (Jan-Jun) NRC has recorded more than 88,000 individuals as directly affected.",9
2317,"UNHCR notes a shortage of food supplies and need for secondary health care for Cameroonian refugees in Akwa Ibom, Benue and Cross River states. Children under five years are mostly affected.",3
8589,"Women are at risk of gender-based violence (GBV) perpetrated by armed groups, although GBV does not appear to be systematically or widely used by either side as a weapon of war (OHCHR 2017a; UNOCHA 2016; OSCE 2015). Human trafficking, including trafficking of women for sexual exploitation, is endemic and has been exacerbated by the conflict (OHCHR 2017b).There is some limited evidence that the conflicts may have led to an increase in the prevalence of domestic violence (UNFPA 2015; UNOCHA 2015; OSCE 2015). However, domestic violence remains largely a hidden problem and incidents frequently go unreported (UNFPA 2015).",9
8814,"Meanwhile, about 250 families in camp Murnei are still living in the open or with relatives as a result of the collapse of their houses by rain three weeks ago.",10
4242,"In Marsabit, about 50,000 people are stranded in several villages in Moyale after a road linking them to the border town was cut off by floods.The residents of Dirdima, Illadu, Qualiwe, Funanyata Qolob, Godhe and Dabel villages, about 60 kilometres from Moyale town, are now on the verge of starvation following depletion of their food and water stocks.“For 10 days now since floods washed away a section of the road, they have not been able to come to Moyale to buy food,” said Hussein Guyo, a resident of Debel who had walked for over 10 hours to Moyale town. ",3
1742,"Marjana, a six years-old girl at the event, said she was very happy today. “I want peace in my Afghanistan, I want to go to school and complete my learning,” she said.",2
9579,"Across most of Djibouti, household purchasing power has increased as incomes have risen with higher livestock and milk sales, combined with stable, staple cereal prices in most markets in December. However, households continue to spend a substantial portion of their income on food, making them vulnerable to food insecurity, especially for the poor population, who do not have stable income sources.",3
9900,"In week 15 (week ending 16 April 2017), 35 suspect measles cases were reported from 5 counties. Since January 2017, a total of 560 suspect measles cases including 4 deaths (case fatality rate of 0.71%) have been reported from 18 counties. Five counties confirmed measles outbreaks since the beginning of 2017.",4
4724,"On 23 August 2017, Typhoon Hato swept through southern China, bringing high winds and heavy rainfall to Hong Kong, Macau, Guangdong, Guangxi, etc. Authorities in Macau reported that the typhoon killed 10 people and injured 244. In Guangdong, Guangxi, Fujian, Guizhou and Yunnan provinces, the typhoon caused 11 deaths. One person was reported missing and 741,000 people were affected in total. More than 6,600 houses collapsed, with an economic loss of over RMB 12 billion.",10
844,"Harvesting of the 2017 main season cereal crops was completed in October. A severe dry spell from April to June constrained planting activities of the 2017 main season crops and affected the yields of early-planted crops. Rains resumed in late July 2017 over most cropping areas, significantly improving growing conditions for maize, but were too late to reverse the damages already inflicted by the earlier dry weather to the rice crop. Overall, main season cereal production in 2017 is estimated to be below the average of the previous five years.",3
812,"People living in shelters were the main concern. According to official figures, at the highest peak of the emergency, at least 31,288 people were living in shelters across Peru, including an estimated 13,370 children. This population was distributed in 205 shelter communities (3,342 tents) located in eight regions, most of them in Piura. Over time, the number of people living in shelters decreased, but a significant number remained. As of August 2017, there were 13,101 people living in shelters, including an estimated 5,839 children.",10
3618,"“Anyone can walk in,” says 21-year-old Sandrine, pointing to the loose canvas flap that gives access to the tiny section where she, her husband and their newborn baby sleep. “I’m still scared from before, and here I don’t feel any better. It doesn’t feel safe.” Emergency shelters like these provide little comfort, privacy or security. Inside the huge tented structure, divided into about 30 dwellings, mosquitoes keep the inhabitants awake at night and intense heat builds up during the day. When it rains, water runs across the bare earth floor.",10
9179,"These developments have exacerbated the isolation of Gaza from the remainder of the oPt and the outside world, further limiting access to medical treatment unavailable in Gaza, to higher education, to family and social life, and to employment and economic opportunities as well as impeding the realization of a range of human rights. The movement of national staff employed by the UN and international NGOs was also restricted in 2017 and impeded the running of humanitarian operations.",5
10298,"Communicable diseases (EWARN)1 Incidence of influenza-like illness (ILI) and severe acute respiratory infection (SARI) observed among the affected population is within the seasonal baseline. Trends of ILI, SARI, as well as of diarrheal diseases and leishmaniasis are presented in the Figure 1.",4
1840,"WHO declares Somalia polio free in three years, urges sustained vaccination campaigns Somali President Mohamed Farmaajo (R) receives polio free certification from Eastern Mediterranean ",4
1019,A car exploded opposite the Ministry of Planning in Tripoli tonight. It is thought that it may have been a bomb. Reports of two people killed and one wounded have not be confirmed.  ,4
11623,"Nearly 17,000 children with severe acute malnutrition need inpatient and outpatient treatment, and 120,000 pregnant and nursing women need nutritious supplementary food.",8
8367,"The devastating floods in the southern region have damaged nearly 1 million rai of crop plantations.  According to the Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives, close to 1 million rai of farmland has been destroyed by the continual rainfall and prolonged flooding. Of that figure, more than 990,000 rai were crop plantations, 39,000 rai were livestock farms, and 19,000 rai are grass plots.",5
6300,"Livestock body condition and milk production is showing slight improvement especially in counties that received moderate rainfall such as Kwale where 89% of the households claimed it was fair. The mortality rate of livestock also reduced by a significant margin in the counties of Garissa, Isiolo, Laikipia and Lamu. ",5
2340,"Refugee women source firewood from the surrounding woodlands, an activity that is exhausting and life threatening for women and children including rape and is associated with conflict with host communities and land degradation. Women in the host community produce charcoal using traditional kilns that takes days to have charcoal ready and the amounts produced are so low.",7
11693,"Drought in 2016 and 2017 drove large-scale livestock deaths in many pastoral areas of southeastern Ethiopia. Starting with the onset of Deyr rainfall in October 2017, seasonal performance improved and cumulative rainfall totals were average or above average, except in western Jarar Zone of Somali Region, where rainfall was well below average. However, even following mostly favorable performance of the Deyr 2017 season, livestock holdings, surface water availability, pasture/browse availability, and milk production remain below average in many areas. Good performance of several consecutive seasons would be needed in order to support the rebuilding of livestock herds.  ",3
1339,"The husks have been supplied as a replacement to firewood for cooking. Refugees have been sending youngsters into adjacent forests to gather wood, which puts the children at risk and has been degrading the environment by stripping back swathes of woodland every day. ",3
271,"The oil price shock has had particularly severe consequences in Chad as oil accounts for 63 percent of fiscal revenues. Between 2014 and 2016, oil-related fiscal revenues declined from 11.7 percent to 0.5 percent of non-oil GDP, and as a result, expenditures fell from 29.4 percent of non-oil GDP in 2014 to 16.6 percent in 2016",5
4278,"On Friday 6 January 2017, an earthquake measuring 5.1 on the Richter scale hit Iran’s southern city of Khonj in Fars province, killing four people and injuring four others. Those killed were Afghan nationals, living together in a house in Khonj. More than 2.5 million Afghan nationals have been living in Iran for as much as four decades, mostly in eastern and southern areas. ",7
8576,"In Mogadishu, prices of coarse grains increased up to 35 percent. In most markets of key maize producing region of Lower Shabelle, maize prices surged in January by 32-41 percent. Overall, prices of coarse grains in January in key markets of central and southern Somalia were up to twice their levels of 12 months earlier. Prices are likely to further escalate in the coming months, as an earlier than usual stock depletion will be compounded by concerns over the performance of the 2017 gu harvest.",3
7217,"Acute Watery Diarrhoea (AWD)     • In week 21, 5 019 Acute Watery Diarrhea (AWD) case-patients were reported in EWARS, bringing the total number to 103 824 in 2018.     • AWD Preparedness and Response Plan with case report form (CRF), case investigation form (CIF) and outbreak line list was finalized with the partners.     • AWD and EWARS refresher training for partners was planned for upcoming week.     • In week 21, unexplained fever, acute respiratory infections (ARI) and AWD are the three leading syndromes with highest proportional morbidity of 11.3%, 11.2% and 7.1%, respectively. These are syndromes at risk of causing severe outbreaks during monsoons and are being monitored by WHO Team.",4
10457,"There has been a weak to moderate El Niño Coastal event this summer, generating heavy rainfall since January, causing floods, mass movements and other associated phenomena (strong winds, hailstorms, thunderstorms, snowfalls) that, as of March 6 , Have affected more than 600,000 people nationwide. ? 11 regions have been declared in State of Emergency, and one due to imminent danger before the gradual increase of the flow of the Amazonian rivers. ? 7 regions have been declared in Sanitary Emergency. The health risk was aggravated by the prolonged period of water stagnation and the collapse of drainage systems. The affected areas are endemic to dengue. The number of dengue cases is still in a normal range for the season. ? The state response is provided by the Regional Governments with the support of the central level coordinated by INDECI and the participation of the state sectors. ? The National Humanitarian Network, with the support of OCHA, is coordinating and monitoring the actions of members of the network. The joint response protocol has not been activated as long as there is no explicit request from the government for international assistance.",4
10263,"Conflict continues to limit normal livelihoods in many areas of the country, including Greater Upper Nile and Greater Bahr el Ghazal. In November, armed clashes in Leer, Mayendit, and near Bentiu PoC in Rubkona have disrupted the delivery of humanitarian assistance and trade flows. In Guit, clashes between Government forces and armed opposition forced aid workers to suspend delivery of assistance to nearly 1,700 people in Nimin. In Jonglei, road ambushes in Malou of Bor South disrupted trade flows from Juba. Armed conflict and inter-communcal attacks in western Lakes disrupted household access to fields and markets.",5
7030,"Voda Donbasa (VD) informed the WASH Cluster, that the area of Dokuchaievsk city was shelled today (April 26). As a result the Power Line for two water pumps was damaged at approximately at 15:20. With the two water pumps stopped two areas of Dokuchaievsk city are without water (1180 people are currently cut). Areas affected are Yuzhniy (880 people) and Sovkhoz (300 people)",11
793,Now less than four percent of fresh water is drinkable and the surrounding sea is polluted by sewage. Yet the international community is failing to do enough to protect the health and dignity of almost 2 million people who have nowhere else to go.  Families without access to water and sanitation facilities face health problems ,11
3737,"Staple food prices have declined seasonally but remain extremely high compared to both last year and the five-year average. In Northern Bahr el Ghazal, Warrap, Lakes, and parts of Western Equatoria, where the majority of households cultivated, the ongoing harvest has stabilized food prices somewhat and reduced market dependence. However, in all states some households did not plant and remain unable to purchase sufficient food at extremely high prices. Macroeconomic conditions remain extremely poor: the SSP further depreciated on the parallel market from 177.20 SSP/USD in late October to 186.9 SSP/USD in late November.",3
7301,"Oruchinga settlement: Medical services in health centers in the settlement are limited, lacking sufficient medication and comprehensive emergency and maternal health services. When health center pharmacies run out of stocks— provided by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), MTI, and national medical stores— refugees struggle to afford private clinics to purchase necessary medication and often resort to medicinal herbs and traditional remedies.",4
5410,Chut further said this year’s poor rains have also contributed to the increased suffering of the population.,3
6227,"Without identity papers, youth can’t move freely and risk being deprived of their education.Syrians risk their lives for identity papers.Young Syrian boys like Malek face many challenges in Lebanon. Children turning fifteen need to obtain legal residency by providing formal identification documents issued by the Syrian government. This documentation is impossible to obtain without entering Syria, and some family members often embark on a dangerous journey, risking their lives to obtain identity documents. The alternative is to live in Lebanon in fear.",9
8422,"However, according to the last Cadre Harmonis analysis conducted in the country, about 66000 people are estimated to be in Phase:3Crisis and above.",3
4958,"Kajo Kejia: Lack of food was noted as a concern by IDP families, who explained that some women are working as labourers on host community’s farms to be able to get access to food or salaries. The nearest health facilities from the IDP sites are 3 kilometres away and they were closed at the time of the assessment. ",5
434,"Between week 35 and 36, there were 27 confirmed cases reported. Among these, 21 cases (77.8%) were confirmed as DENV-1 infection and 12 cases (44%) were children under 15 years of age.",4
11863,"There was a decrease in the number of suspected cases of cholera during week 2 of 2018, confirming the downward trend both nationally and in the Kasaï region. However, the city of Kinshasa continues to report new suspected cases. The cumulative number of suspected cholera cases since the beginning of 2018 is 1 785, including 33 deaths (case fatality rate 1.8%). Measles infections have shown a decreasing trend and the number of cases reported during week 2 of 2018 is five times lower than in the same period in 2017. The cumulative number of suspected cases since the start of 2018 is 713, with 13 deaths (case fatality rate 1.8%). In addition, suspected cases of acute flaccid paralysis (8), neonatal tetanus (6), yellow fever (8) and monkey pox (22) were reported during week 2 of 2018.",4
4690,"EC experienced Flashfloods that have resulted to their ítems being totally wet/destroyed or lost. This includes: o Water kits o Hygiene ítems o Clothing o Bedding o And Partition – for cultural context, privacy and división is very important in the Maranao/Islamic culture, and the minimal partition tents/malongs provide are not suffice to begin with, after the flashfloods, now the IDPs do not have anything left to set up small spaces for changing clothes and/or",11
11529,"Five health institutions have been destroyed by the floods and require shelter materials and personnel for the increased patient load. The Government estimates that over 100,000 people are without safe drinking water following damage to water supply infrastructure by the floods. There is an increased potential for the outbreak of water and vector borne diseases including malaria, cholera and measles. More than 90 per cent of small-scale miners in heavily affected areas have lost their livelihoods as mine working are inundated in water.",11
9728,"Nutrition: Following the successful completion of the Set Up Phase, Moderate Acute Malnutrition (MAM) treatment for children commenced in April and enrollment of beneficiaries will continue for the extended duration of the intervention, until October 2017. Activities target malnourished children, pregnant and nursing women.",8
2245,"On St Kitts, CDEMA reports damage to housing stock and agriculture and downed electricity poles. There is a need for 5,000 tarpaulins. On Nevis, there were electricity shortages and damage to agriculture, health facilities, main roads and jetties. Water was restored and schools reopened on 21 September. By 22 September, CDEMA reports that the electrical grid was 80 per cent restored. Minor damage to roofs is reported, but significant environmental damage including forest loss and damage to agriculture. An initial damage assessment of East Caribbean dollar 35.4 million (approximately USD 13.1 million) is reported.",7
6397,"Mortality has increased in all the surveyed areas. However, the increases are statistically significant only in rural Bay and among IDPs in Baidoa. For rural parts of Bay region, Crude Death Rates (CDR) and Under-Five Death Rate (U5DR) were 2.43/10 000/day and 4.65/10 000/day, respectively. While the primary cause of death reported by households in Bay is diarrhea linked to the outbreak and spike of AWD/Cholera in the Region, these death rates exceed the thresholds for Famine for mortality indicators (CDR of 2/10 000/day and U5DR of 4/10 000/day). ",3
3263,". The fi ve-month confl ict left 24 of Marawi City’s 96 barangays—almost its entire commercial district—uninhabitable, affecting as many as 60,000 of the city’s 201,000 residents who will not be able to return. Social services, utilities, housing, livelihoods and local economies for Marawi City and other affected Lanao del Sur municipalities around Lake Lanao remain severely impacted. Martial law, which was imposed for the entire island of Mindanao following the confl ict’s outbreak, has been extended at least through 31 December 2018. The hardships of many of those displaced have been aggravated by Severe Tropical Storm Tembin, which crossed over the confl ict-affected area between 22 and 24 December 2017. The storm caused fl ash fl oods and landslides that damaged homes and temporary shelters, as well as agricultural lands, and resulted in the deaths of at least 170 people",1
1189,"The response of the government and its international partners should be based on social mobilization focused on expanding knowledge of Ebola and voluntary limitations on movement, combined with social support for the people affected, Human Rights Watch said. ",7
6234," In  the lead  up  to  the  start  of  the anticipated below  normal  2017  Gu  (April-June)  season  rainfall,  staple  food  prices  are  expected  to  increase  sharply,  and  widespread  livestock mortality is likely to occur as pasture and water resources become depleted. ",5
1665,"Several militiamen raided Mirein market in the Central Darfur capital of Zalingei on Monday, following a clash between armed groups over a pay dispute. A joint security force had to intervene.",1
8038,"From the point of view of the qualitative assessment of the nutritional situation in the communities, about 32% of informants would have more cases of malnutrition compared to the same period of one year normal. In the provinces of Rutana, Kirundo, Kayanza, Muyinga, Mwaro and Rumonge the majority of key informants felt that there would be more than usual (same month of a normal year).",8
8351,"Even when households have access to water, there are significant challenges in the availability and continuity of water supplies. One in four households in Tajikistan does not have access to sufficient quantities of water when needed. Service is interrupted for long periods because of breakdowns in water supply infrastructure. Rural residents experience more instances of major service interruptions that last a week or more. Water outages increase in frequency and length during winter months, mainly because of frozen water sources, frozen pipes, or electricity outages. Only 15 percent of water connections nationally, and only 5 percent in rural areas, are metered. Thus, it is likely that households do not use water efficiently and underpay for the amount of water they consume. Given the unreliability of the main drinking water sources, many households rely on multiple sources throughout the year, particularly in rural areas. In winter, households compensate for service interruptions in piped water supply with other (nonpiped) improved water sources. In summer, households must turn to unimproved water sources in the face of heightened water scarcity and increased demand. Drinking water in Tajikistan contains high levels of coliform bacteria and has low palatability, but low E. coli rates suggest that fecal contamination is not a major concern. Because open and unprotected water sources are more commonly used in rural areas, coliforms are more commonly detected in water sources used by rural households (58 percent) than by urban households (49 percent).",4
7833,"The repression in advance of Egypt’s presidential election is a substantial escalation in a political environment that denies people’s rights to political participation and to freedom of expression, association, and peaceful assembly. The Egyptian authorities should immediately release all those arrested for joining political campaigns or stating their intention to run as presidential candidates in the elections, the groups said.",9
330,Nadeem’s report has showed 12 cases of individual torture and 21 cases of mass torture while in detention. It has also reported 17 cases of medical negligence and 31 cases of general misconduct against the detainees.  The centre’s report has included a number of testimonies by the families of the detainees and forcibly disappeared ones.,9
5001,"UN Commission of Inquiry on Burundi 13 March reported restrictions on civil liberties, harassment by public officials and members of Imbonerakure (CNDD-FDD youth wing), as well as arrests, executions and disappearances between Sept 2017 and March 2018. Court 8 March sentenced three civil rights activists to ten years in prison for planning human rights workshop which prosecutor considered “likely to disrupt security”. Following presidential pardon end 2017, govt 16 March freed 740 prisoners including 450 imprisoned for taking part in mid-2015 uprising against Nkurunziza after he said he would run for third term.",9
3288,"Monguno LGA IDP count 121,781, with food, shelter, NFI and water needs",10
8284,"Towards the end of 2016, the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) experienced floods, in two locations.  On 9 November, in Gemena, in the northeast of the DRC, over 2,000 people were affected by extensive floods that occurred in the neighbourhoods located on the banks of rivers Mombonga, Sukia and Labo.    Also, on 26 December 2016, heavy rain caused the river Kalamu to overflow, destroying thousands of homes.  At least 50 people died and thousands have been left homeless. Boma is located in the southwest of the DRC.",10
6058,"The number of registered refugees fleeing Burundi has risen 60 percent in the last year, increasing from 265,770 in June 2016 to 423,056 in June 2017.",9
11556,"The cumulative number of internally displaced persons (IDPs) has reached more than400,000 people1 since military operations to retake the city of Mosul began on 17October 2016. Just over 20% have since returned to their areas of origin, mostly in andaround east Mosul. Most families from Mosul still in displacement today are from west Mosuland fled less than two months ago, after military operations to retake the west bank of thecity started on 19 February 2017. ",9
11341,"Negative coping strategies are widespread due to displacement and food insecurity. According to a recent assessment 81 per cent of children interviewed had noticed a change in their parents’ behaviour since the start of the drought.56 Harmful coping strategies include family separation, early marriage, child labour, and other forms of abuse, while distress exposes women to physical (intimate partner) violence. In general, women and girls are frequently victims of GBV within IDP communities, including rape and sexual assault, raising grave concerns about the safety and security in IDP sites. Families with members with specifi c needs (i.e. serious health conditions, disability) are at heightened risk in adverse circumstances and might require specialized life-saving assistance, as well as interventions to mitigate further exposure to rights violations such as extortion, taxation, and abuse.57 Populations in drought-aff ected areas controlled by non-state armed actors, especially men and male youth from pastoralist communities, are reported to experience hampered access to areas where assistance is provided. Ensuing family separation results in elevated protection risk exposure for women and children, also due to the risk of exploitation and abuse by gatekeepers",9
10912,"Furthermore, women are deprived of education and job opportunities while many are subjected to violence at home and sexual assault in the workplace, according to the UN.",10
9111,"More than 80,000 civilians inside Wadi Barada face the constant threat of death either from barrel bombs, snipers or from starvation.",9
737,"Madagascar’s southern regions have been heavily affected by a prolonged drought, aggravated by the effects of El Niño. According to the recently conducted IPC analysis, 850,000 people from the nine most drought-affected districts are severely food insecure (emergency and crisis phases) and in need of immediate food assistance. Another 128,000 people in IPC 2 phase (stressed), but residing in IPC 4 areas also require assistance, as the risk of deterioration of their food security status remains high.",3
6747,"From 1 February to 20 February, 7,847 girls and boys in East Ghouta out of approximately 57,096 girls and boys aged between 6 and 59 months were screened for acute malnutrition via surveillance sites and routine health facilities (fixed and mobile clinics). 104 girls and boys aged between 6 and 59 months were identified with severe acute malnutrition (SAM) and 608 were identified with moderate acute malnutrition (MAM), with the proportion of children with SAM at 1.3 per cent. The nutrition situation is likely to deteriorate due to the current hostilities, and its impact on the population’s access to food, health care services, improved water sources and proper sanitation/hygiene.",8
10405,"The concentration of refugees in certain areas is linked to degradation of natural resources including water, forests and rangelands. These refugee communities require more water, diverting it from agriculture, inducing negative consequences in terms of food security and rural economy, as water scarcity is increasing. Poor living conditions have led to disruptions in the Public Distribution System (PDS) of basic necessities and vulnerable families rely on humanitarian assistance., In addition, the food security of the refugees/IDPs is deteriorating, in particular for those who do not have the ability to obtain a work/livelihoods income for basic lifesaving needs as they face extreme high rates of poverty: 37 per cent of refugees are below the poverty line in the KR-I.",3
6175,"During the weekend, military operations led by Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) resumed, opening a new front in the north west of Mosul city. The ISF have continue to advance, attempting to close up their encirclement of the Old City, estimated by the UN to host a minimum 200 000 people. Humanitarian conditions of civilians trapped in the Old City worsen by the day. Those injured do not have access to appropriate emergency medical care. Coordinated efforts to protect and assist this civilian population, most at risk, are to be urgently prioritised.  The Government of Iraq records a total of 584 000 people displaced, as result of the Mosul military operation since October 2016. This represents an increase of over 192 000 people in one month. Still, approximately 50% of the population from newly retaken districts in West Mosul remain in their homes. ",5
1776,"The injuries occurred in the context of two incidents involving physical assault in the Old City of Jerusalem, and near Ein al Beida community in the northern Jordan Valley. In an additional incident in the latter area, a group of Israeli settlers dismantled around 1,000 meters of water pipes from an irrigation network, and throw them in a trench near the border with Jordan, according to Palestinian eye witnesses. The pipes were installed as part of a donor-funded humanitarian project to support farmers in the area, who regained access to their private land, following an Israeli High Court ruling.",0
9720,The rainy season and accumulation of waste on the streets in urban areas may contribute to a significantly increase of cases. ,4
4783,"Departures continue to surpass arrivals at camps east of Mosul. Between 19 and 20 April, 161 families (801 individuals) arrived, mainly from west Mosul, while 281 families (1,452 individuals) departed, primarily to east Mosul. Families fleeing from west Mosul cited continuous insecurity, including in liberated areas, which are frequently targeted by mortar rounds. Lack of food, water and basic services were other reasons contributing to their flight.",9
4160,"Though the displacement situation in the region has been going on for over three years, 38% of IDPs have highlighted their frustration in terms of their limited access to water (non-functioning boreholes are not uncommon to the region) and health care facilities. Education is also problematic for many in their areas of displacement, as hasty displacements motivated primarily by security considerations, did not take into account the accessibility of services. Additionally, teachers and health care providers throughout the region have also displaced either preemptively or reactively to the continuously volatile security situation.",11
1590,"In response to clashes, Jaish al-Islam intermittently closes the Oroubeh-Beirut checkpoint, which links Yarmouk with neighboring Yalda, putting civilians inside the camp further at risk by restricting access to food and medical treatment. Some reports suggest that this has been done at the behest of the Syrian government, which appears to have either closed or restricted passage through the only checkpoint linking Yalda, Babila and Beit Sahem with government-controlled areas,in response to Oroubeh being opened.",3
4108,dead 127 injured 162 houses destroyed or damaged 402,10
10784,"Compared to December 2016, the wholesale prices of bulgur and wheat remained almost unchanged, while the price of rice went down by five percent. Between July 2016 and January 2017, the wholesale prices of rice decreased by four percent, while prices for bulgur and wheat remained unchanged. Year-on-year, the wholesale price of wheat grain increased by 52 percent, bulgur by 33 percent and white rice by 38 percent.",3
7355,"AFRIN For the last 10 days, children and families have suffered severe water shortages as the source of water for Afrin city has reportedly been cut off. Families are relying on untreated water and boreholes, potentially increasing the risk of waterborne diseases for about 250,000 people.",11
4847,"The WFP trucks carrying 300 tons of beans for 112, 000 Congolese refugees and the most vulnerable Burundian people have been blocked at Gasenyi-Nemba (the border separating Burundi and Rwanda) in Kirundo Northern Province for four days over security reasons.",3
4639,Madagascar has started evacuating thousands of people from flooded areas after storm waters broke dykes as the country reeled from the impact of Cyclone Enawo. ,10
7752,"On 17 April, Gaza’s sole Power Plant was forced to shut down completely after exhausting its fuel reserves. This occurred in the context of an ongoing dispute between the Palestinian authorities in Gaza and Ramallah on issues related to fuel payments and taxation. The shut down of the Power Plant has increased the daily electricity cuts across the Gaza Strip to up to 20 hours daily. This further undermines the delivery of basic services, including the operations of health facilities, which have reported low levels of emergency fuel reserves needed to run backup generators.",7
4600,"More than 3000 IDPs in Gemeza in dire need of humanitarian aid Terekeka state officials say more than 3,000 internally displaced people from neighbouring Jonglei state have arrived to the state fleeing recent communal fighting in their areas. Lado Philip, Information Minister of Terekeka State told Radio Tamazuj on Friday that since last week 3,200 IDPs now in Gemeza County are in dire need of humanitarian assistance. He called on the national and Jonglei state governments to intervene and improve security in Jonglei to avoid further displacement of people, saying they have no facilities to host the IDPs. Phillip further called on aid organizations to quickly intervene to avert a humanitarian crisis in the region.",10
5172,"In the first quarter of 2017, 1,1463 children arrived to Greece by sea, which is 44% decrease compared to the last quarter of 2016. A total of 182 (16%) of all child arrivals in 2017 were UASC.The majority of children arriving to Greece were from Syria, Afghanistan, Pakistan and Iraq. For UASC, most of them were from Pakistan, Syria and Afghanistan.",9
10096," Sironko- More than 300 families in Lusabe village, Bufupa Parish, Masaba Sub-county in Sironko District that were recently hit by mudslides have asked for faster response from government due to the dire conditions they are living in.Although government opened a camp for the families at Bufupa Primary School, it lacks social amenities such as pit-latrines and clean water. The camp is about 200 metres from the mudslide site. ",11
4292,"Arriving in Tonga in northern South Sudan, she and her sick daughter are met by a looted facility. The United Nations Mission in South Sudan is looking into ways of addressing the needs of this opposition-controlled area.Hope is all she can have, because the Tonga Primary Health Care Centre in the Upper Nile region is not like other medical facilities. Armed men have left the place virtually empty. There is no equipment and hardly any medicines. Even hospital beds were taken away by looters.The health care facility is running at a low capacity. It receives between five and thirteen patients daily, with the most common problems being malaria, respiratory infections, typhoid, diarrhea and other waterborne diseases. For residents of Tonga it remains the only hope of getting help.The doctors, resilient as they are, are struggling to treat patients. They are appealing to humanitarian agencies and international partners for assistance.“We need medical supplies, also for routine immunizations. Babies are supposed to have standard vaccinations but we do not have them,” Dr. Yor says. ",4
5039,"Since 2015, Eritrea has experienced drought conditions caused by El Niño that further undermined household food and livelihood security, particularly for women and children, and contributed to a cholera outbreak across three of the country’s six regions. These dynamics have led to high levels of malnutrition among children under 5, pregnant women and lactating mothers, particularly in the lowland areas",1
11312,"On 21 May SDF allowed approximately 6,000 people to return to their home town Hazima (30 km north of ArRaqqa city) after about one and half month of displacement. The majority were displaced in Al-Rajm Al-Abiad makeshift camp (seven km west of Hazima) and the rest in Al-Hisha town hosted by the host community. No electricity (damaged electricity network), nor water is available (people depend on Tal Al-Samen irrigation canal unsafe water), and reported presence of mines.",11
2925,"Following severe Season A crop production deficits, particularly in Ruyigi, Cankuzo, Muyinga, and Kirundo communes, atypically high food prices and limited incomes have constrained food access, and the worst-affected poor households are likely facing Crisis (IPC Phase 3) through the lean season. There are some humanitarian assistance efforts ongoing to address these food gaps and the growing malaria outbreak. FEWS NET estimates that the majority of poor households in northeastern and eastern provinces are likely in Stressed (IPC Phase 2). With generally favorable cropping conditions to date, the June harvest is expected to be average, likely improving food availability.  ",3
3953,Lower Shabelle- 221 cases and 13 deaths from suspected AWD/Cholera were reported from Marka and Janale districts during December. A Cholera Treatment Centre (CTC) was established in Janale town.,4
4980,"Due to delays in shipments from the West Bank and longstanding funding gaps, 34% of essential drugs at the Central Drug Store in Gaza are out of stock.",4
2030,He however said the government will immediately give the victims relief items which include shelter materials and food.,7
11087,"Soldiers also raided the village of Bidu, and there too, clashes including stone-throwing erupted, with the soldiers responding with rubber-coated metal bullets, tear gas and stun grenades. School was canceled in Bidu as well as a result of these incidents. Soldiers took over eight rooftops in the village, having turned out the residents, and confiscated 25 vehicles. Yesterday in the early afternoon, the military set up a manned roadblock near the village, with soldiers denying passage to anyone under forty, and anyone who is not a resident of the village.",2
335,"However, some northern areas experienced a late onset of up to 40 days, and below-average rainfall, raising concern as this is one of the country’s major producing areas.",0
3842,"At least 14,000 people are without electricity while more than 90,000 people in the region do not have access to fresh drinking water at the moment, according to local authorities.",7
11966,"At least three men have been killed and several injured, some severely, in further fighting today in Sabratha between an Islamist militia and a local anti-people smuggling force. The shooting in the town centre  which broke out early this morning, is understood to have involved members of Ahmed Dabbashi’s Al-Amu militia. Dabbashi is a member of a prominent local family with a record of Islamist support. On the other side was the 48th Brigade of the town’s  “Operations Room Fighting IS” under its commander Omar Abdul Jalil. ",9
4315,"Biu LGA: 44,309 IDPs (Food, shelter and NFI urgent needs)",10
2917,"Fall armyworms pose a big threat to the continent's agriculture, says Huesing. When they invade a maize field, he says, the pests can eat 30 percent or more of the crop.They consume other crops too. “We assume that anywhere there is a green plant or maize in Africa, fall armyworms will show up in a short period of time,' Huesing says.For several reasons, the fall armyworms may pose more problems for farmers than the indigenous African armyworm.Fall armyworms can breed continuously under warm and humid tropical conditions and can feed off more than more than 80 species in 27 plant families, says Yene Belayneh, senior technical advisor for pests and pesticides at the USAID. When they assume their adult form as a moth, fall armyworms can fly up to 100 kilometers per day if pushed by winds, or much longer if the pests hitch a ride on a jet.“If there is an outbreak for example in Ethiopia, alerting Sudan or Eritrea would be a wise thing,” he says.  In fact, there is an outbreak in Ethiopia. The country's Plant Protection Directorate said that as of July 10, fall armyworms have infested more than 440,000 hectares of crops. It said that about 305,000 hectares had been protected, either through 'cultural means,' such as picking up the pests by hand and crushing them, or chemical spraying. ",0
10147,"In Chad, high water levels represent additional challenges for WFP to reach some of the IDP sites. The process of contracting boats for food transportation is ongoing.",6
5073,"In Ethiopia, some above-average precipitations in May were not sufficient to completely offset the severe moisture deficits and, according to Agribusiness Systems International (ASI), between 25 and 85 per cent of the cropland is currently affected by drought. Due to late onset of rains, the “belg” harvest, normally gathered in June/July and the “meher” October harvest expected to be below-average. ",0
8938,First of the two back-to-back nation-wide immunization campaigns will be starting across Pakistan on Monday where more than 37.2 million children will be administered polio drops during the whole week.,4
7736,The urgency is even stronger as not all children have returned in the schools that have opened. A risk of clashes between students and people displaced in schools remains high appealing to an urgent relocation of families in order to carry out the sanitation and rehabilitation of schools.,2
9195,"Prison staff in Qayyarah said they had released about 80 detainees and transferred another 775 to Baghdad by early March 2017. Iraq’s Criminal Procedural Code (no. 23/1971) requires detaining authorities to bring detainees before an investigative judge within 24 hours. But Qayyarah prison staff said they had held some detainees for as long as four months, while Human Rights Watch learned of the case of the man held without charge for six months.",9
4835,"And even with incomplete information, initial reports link sexual assaults to the elections. Women’s rights groups and activists allege that police raped and sexually harassed women and girls, especially after the electoral commission declared President Uhuru Kenyatta the winner. StigmaHuman Rights Watch (HRW) obtained credible reports of election-related sexual violence in Kisumu and Nairobi, especially Dandora. The question now is whether the authorities will promptly investigate the allegations and seek justice for the victims or, as in the past, ignore these abuses and victims’ suffering. Unreported rapes don’t mean that they didn’t happen. Survivors are reluctant to come forward due to insecurity and the general climate of fear, women’s rights activists say. Many women and girls—as well as men and boys—are unwilling to speak out due to the stigma of being a victim of a sexual violence, or fear of retaliation by the attackers. Other barriers to reporting rape include lack of money for transport and lack of awareness about the importance of seeking help such as for post-rape care. Lack of trustMost victims do not have confidence in Kenya’s security agents, who have long been accused of human rights abuses. HRW has documented many cases where they raped and sexually harassed women and girls during security operations or political unrest.",9
9856,"If the political situation gets complicated it is possible that the influx of people increases, but this forecast already allows us to help these people for 4 weeks, then the plan can be revised, however it is not necessary to wait for the plan to provide food aid To these people",7
8404,"The increasing violence and displacement in the region have resulted in two lost harvests, exacerbating food insecurity in the country. FAO and WFP reported in August that 7.7 million people are now on the verge of starvation.",3
1701,"Eladio Cortés, the Fire Department Herrera, reported that heavy rains falling in the area since Tuesday 24 October caused the river to overflow its banks La Villa.",10
6701,"In Gangca township of Xunhua, 2,085 residents are facing difficulty in traffic, and more than 62,000 sheep and cattle cannot graze, as snow has covered roads, pasture and livestock folds.",6
4622," The delegation underlined the importance of completion of the reconstruction of the camp, alongside the UN's engagement to further the living conditions for Palestine refugees in Lebanon. Mr. Cordone said 'As UNRWA, we commit to use funding in the best possible way to reconstruct the camp. It's a matter of buildings, but most importantly it is about making sure people live in dignity, inside and outside the camp'. To date 2,514 families have benefitted from the reconstruction of their homes and another 662 families are expected to return to their homes by 2019. In order to complete the reconstruction of NBC and allow the remaining 1,700 families to return home, a funding gap of US$ 105 million would need to be filled.",10
4651,25Refugees in Kakuma camp have been treated for cholera following an outbreak.,4
8515,"Basic infrastructure, including drinking water points, lighting, signposting, and WASH facilities are still not available to many of the refugees, or facilities need improvement that can lead to protection needs, particularly for women and girls. Mainstreaming of GBV risk mitigation and survivor support across humanitarian sectors needs to be improved• Unaccompanied and separated children continue to face many risks, including the risk of being exposed to early marriage and child labor. The identification of unaccompanied and separated children, as well as other children at risk, needs to scale up to refer them to and provide them with appropriate support. Capacities for family tracing and the system for reunification must be strengthened. ",9
338,"the scale of displacement has been enormous – something for which the humanitarian community appears not to have been prepared. As one NGO worker lamented, “Probably fifty percent of the needs are not being met. The scale is too much to respond (to).”",1
1519,"In newly accessible areas such as Jurneyyeh or Al-Thawrah where some residents are returning home, much of public infrastructure including schools have been reportedly damaged, or used as a shelter or for other purposes including military purposes.",10
6051,"Tropical Cyclone Enawo has developed in the southern Indian Ocean.    The storm is heading towards Madagascar and threatens widespread flooding across much of the island nation.   Enawo is currently about 700km north of Port Louis, Mauritius. The system is staggering southwestwards towards Madagascar at around 4kmph.   The sustained winds around the storm are now at 150kmph with gusts nearer to 175kmph. Rapid strengthening is expected over the next two days.",7
5067,"By end of the 3rd Quarter 2014, 49% (857) of the health centres were reported fully functioning, 21% (374) partially functioning (i.e., shortage of staff, equpiment, medicines and damage of the building in some cases), 22% (387) were reported non-functoining (completely out of service), while funcationality status of 8% (132) health centres were unknown",4
10652,"Clashes among armed groups in Yei County’s Makaia town, Central Equatoria State, displaced more than 3,360 IDPs to nearby Yei town between January 1 and February 19, according to the UN. Increased population movement to Yei town follows the January 26 establishment of a UN Mission in the Republic of South Sudan (UNMISS) temporary operating base in the town. Relief organizations are responding to increased need in Yei town by providing emergency food, health care, and shelter assistance to IDPs. However, IDPs in the area reported ongoing protection concerns, such as child abuse, family separation, and high levels of sexual and gender-based violence",9
683,"The malaria outbreak in Burundi is still ongoing with the case incidence rates remaining above the expected (endemic) rate and epidemic thresholds. Despite an apparent decline in number of cases in week 34 (ending 25 August) the country remains in an outbreak situation if we compare the current numbers of cases to those reported in the previous 5 years. During week 34, 97 743 cases, including 43 deaths were reported. As of 25 August 2017, a total of 5 380 112 malaria cases (incidence rate 726 per 1 000 population) and 2 425 deaths (case fatality rate 0.05%) have been reported during 2017 – the highest rate in the last 5 years. Although the whole country is reporting a high number of cases, the northern, central and eastern part of the country are the most affected. The ten worst affected health districts, with 37% of the total cases, include Gitega, Nyabikere, Buhiga, Kibuye, Kirundo, Muyinga, Giteranyi, Musema, Vumbi and Busoni. Surveillance data analysis showed that the number of cases started to increase and reached the epidemic threshold in 2014. This unusual trend prompted a multidisciplinary investigation in January 2017, which confirmed that the increased trend was above normal and led to the official declaration of the outbreak on 13 March 2017.",4
7905,"The Maputo Regional Water Company (AdeM) is pumping water to Maputo, Matola and Boane neighbourhoods on alternate days. That is, a neighbourhood that receives water on Tuesday will not receive it on Wednesday.",11
5592,"SC managed to get some money from his family via mobile phone and then agreed to work as an interpreter for the kidnappers, to avoid further beatings. He described dreadful sanitary conditions, and food offered only once per day. Some migrants who couldn’t pay were reportedly killed, or left to starve to death.",3
2299,"INDECI reports that 554,784 people have been affected in Piura. The level of affectation in other departments is: La Libertad 476,584; Lambayeque: 156,569; and Ancash 151,894. A total of 442,400 homes have some level of damage, which includes 377,372 affected homes, 37,108 collapsed homes and 27,920 that were left inhabitable. Of the total number of dwellings that are uninhabitable and/or collapsed, 35% are in Lambayeque, 33% are in Piura and 10% in La Libertad.",10
8280,"In April 3rd and 30th Tornado took place in Aminpur of Pabna district and in 11 upazilas of Sunamganj districts which causes injury to 234 people and more than 2888 houses fully and 8521 houses partially damaged, many trees uprooted; electricity connection disrupted.",10
5952,"In 2017, the vulnerable groups in Senegal comprise an estimated 3.0 million children less than five years of age and 603,000 pregnant women.",4
2195,PEOPLE IN NEED  14.5 M  PEOPLE TARGETED  6.1 M  REQUIREMENTS  $1.1 B  CHANGE FROM 2017  4%,1
10880,"Based on interviews conducted by protection partners with IDPs currently staying in the evacuation centers in Baloi, the immediate needs identified were for food, medicines, and non-food items such as blankets and malong.",4
11159,"Two suspected cases of cholera have already been reported by rescue teams who have been responding since the mudslide struck outside the capital early on Monday morning. Dead bodies can still be found in water sources and outbreaks of diarrhea, malaria and other deadly diseases remain a serious risk.  ",4
829,"Generally, livelihoods in the eastern, northern and Oecussi zones have the lowest climate resilience, due to a combination of low income levels, low livelihood diversification, and high sensitivity to rainfall changes. Those in Dili, Atauro and the southern coast have greater access to diverse livelihood options and are therefore more resilient to climatic shocks. Climate change is one of the key challenges threatening livelihood stability. Projected changes in rainfall and temperature offer risks as well as opportunities for diversifying livelihoods into more resilient systems.",5
7207,"these provinces flooded houses and swept away cars after rivers burst their banks. According to the official reports, two counties of Ajabshir and Azarshahr in Azerbaijane-Sharghi province were mostly affected.",10
9817,"The Bahr el-Gazal area has been facing a long-term severe food crisis, as a structural deficit in production has resulted in many households relying on markets to meet their food needs. According to experts, the main drivers of this food crisis are mono-cropping of sorghum and poor agricultural practices, especially those linked to the ever increasing climate variability and extremes. In addition, food prices have been rising astronomically, pushing food purchases out of reach for the poor and raising new vulnerabilities. This increase is due to the escalation of the national economic crisis, continued insecurity along the prominent trade routes, halted trade due to the border closure with Sudan, and fighting in certain areas of the state. To help mitigate the impact of the food crisis in this area, it will be vital to increase farmers’ ability to cultivate a wider variety of crops, expand land size through communal farming and increase farmers’ knowledge of pests and diseases. “We are working here together, and by helping each other we get stronger and better,” Koch concludes. “This year we are learning and want to keep learning so that we can produce more, because it is good for us and our families.”",3
8388,"Centrality of protection: The protection crisis is the primary force behind rising hunger and malnutrition. Trends continue to show that food insecurity rises wherever significant and/or prolonged violent conflict occurs. Intensified violence was most present in central Greater Bahr el Ghazal. This has contributed to the deepening, spreading and acceleration of the crisis, and the number of children impacted by it. Addressing the current crisis will require more innovative thinking and approaches by all. This is particularly true for those engaging in peacemaking for South Sudan.",3
4129,"The twin scourges of another prolonged dry spell and an invasive crop-eating worm are set to sharply curtail harvests across southern Africa, driving millions of people – most of them children – into severe hunger, warns the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP).  The warning follows an alert by regional food security experts that “erratic rainfall, high temperatures and persistent Fall Army Worm infestation…are likely to have far-reaching consequences on access to adequate food and nutrition” over the next 12-15 months.  The alert, by officials from the 14-nation Southern African Development Community (SADC), the Famine Early Warning Systems Network (FEWSNET), UN agencies and non-governmental organisations (NGOs), listed Botswana, Malawi, Mozambique, Zimbabwe, Madagascar, Zambia and South Africa as the worst-affected countries.The dry spell, which started in October, has caused crops to wilt. Pasture has also suffered, threatening the survival of livestock herds.",0
1538,"With regards to case distribution, Bikoro Health Zone reported the highest number of cases (n=31), followed by Iboko (n=8) and Mbandaka (n=2) Health Zones. In the Bikoro Health Zone, 50% of the cases were reported from the Ikoko-Impenge health area, followed by Bikoro health area (35.3%), the health facility (14%) and the Moleti health area (7%). In the Iboko Health Zone, most cases were reported from the Mpangi health area (80%) with the remaining one case being reported from Itipo health area. In the Waganta Health Zone in Mbandaka city, the two cases were both from the Bongozo health area. They are the previously mentioned probable cases (RDT positive and awaiting PCR confirmation) and are brothers who had recently stayed in Bikoro for funerals.",4
3189,"Shelter-60% of the caseload report partial destruction to the house/compound, with the remaining 40% reporting no destruction. 95% report rental accommodation as their current housing, with the remaining 5% reporting hosting. For those renting, the average rental cost is reported to be 1,710 AFN.",10
4122,Phase 3 Crisis. Lac Region: May - September 2017. Less than 0.5 million people acutely food insecure. ,3
54,"Latest government updates state ARSA militants have torched 32 villages in Buthidaung and Maungdaw townships, including two quarters in downtown Maungdaw, in order to taint Myanmar’s name on the international stage.Satellite imagery from Human Rights Watch (HRW) shows burnings taking place at 17 separate sites across northern Rakhine from Aug. 25-30, including the torching of 700 buildings in Rohingya village Chein Khar Li in Rathedaung Township, a near total destruction of the village.But the government has not provided any evidence to support these allegations, stated HRW, nor did they prove similar allegations during the burning of Rohingya areas between October and December 2016. The rights group determined Myanmar security forces deliberately set those fires.",10
835,"Based on the information above, nutrition cluster estimates that about 2.9 million of people are in need of the acute malnutrition treatment in 2017, including 1.8 mln of acutely malnourished children (0.4 mln of whom are severely acutely malnourished) and about 1.1 mln of pregnant and lactating women.",7
11813,"Many residents have switched to their private borewells to meet their requirements, and we are also using water tankers to regulate supply.'",11
4327,"In the southeastern and coastal marginal agricultural areas , wage labor, while below average, is facilitating needed market purchases. However, it is likely the maize and bean harvests will be below average. The majority of poor households are expected to remain in Stressed (IPC Phase 2) until the February harvest. In many of the pastoral areas, livestock productivity has increased, improving income and food availability. These improvements are projected to continue, except in Isiolo and additional parts of Tana River, where poor households are likely to experience Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes through May 2018.",3
5101,"Between January and March 2017, Zimbabwe experienced floods across 37 districts of the country, which damaged local infrastructure, livelihoods, roads, and homes. ",10
5422,"in Manizales as of 20 April, 70 homes have collapsed; due to the threat of further landslides, another 400 homes have been evacuated. The medical personnel of the largest healthcare center in Manizales were also the evacuated due to the damages to the building. The local area road network suffered damages at 15 key points; repair is ongoing. Twelve schools suspended classes until 20 April, pending a full evaluation of the damages sustained and number of children left without access. ",2
6245,"Chronic poverty is widespread throughout the country and has major implications for food security and nutrition. More than 50 percent of the population is undernourished, according to the Global Hunger Index, and 24 percent of children are chronically malnourished. Poor living conditions, poor sanitation and disease are all underlying causes.",11
2809,"An estimated 386,811 people need nutrition assistance. 240,000 children under five and 120,000 pregnant and lactating women need malnutrition prevention and treatment support through nutritious supplementary food, 16,965 children with severe acute malnutrition (SAM) require inpatient and outpatient treatment and 204,000 adolescent girls need nutritional support. ",8
10994,"The smugglers pushed some of them into the sea at gunpoint. Some survivors reported that the smugglers feared being arrested by Yemeni authorities.  “If the Yemeni air force sees them, they wouldn’t let them go. So, after they get what they want, they don’t have sympathy for people. They throw people as they wish, like objects,” said Jemal Kebelo Guracha, a witness who spoke to VOA’s Amharic service.",9
1341,"But the main cause of food insecurity in the country is the lack of food reserves or carry-over stock at household level, thereby exposing the majority of households to the vast impact of food insecurity, according to the report. ",5
8255,"In the Central African Republic, the average inflation rate has been on the decline in recent years and is expected to continue this downward trend in 2017. The average inflation rate is forecast to fall to 3.5 percent in 2017 compared to 4 percent in 2016",5
7845,"The Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights (IOHR) has documented the detainment of dozens of families in the right coast of Mosul by ISIS, who has been using them as human shields. In addition, 300 children are detained in Sihha area, Hay Al Tanak, and Rifaee neighborhoods under the pretext that they constitute a threat to members of ISIS.'ISIS detained 17 children on March 29 in Sihha area and told their families that their children are the soldiers of the caliphate and they are obliged to work with the fighters to help them in carrying arms and equipment.”",9
4316,"On 10 November, the Israel military blocked, through the end of the reporting period, three of the four dirt roads connecting 12 communities in southern Hebron (Massafer Yatta) to the rest of the West Bank. As a result, some 1,400 Palestinians have been forced to rely on long detours, disrupting their access to services and livelihoods. This area has been designated as ‘firing zone’ for military training, placing the residents at risk of forcible transfer.",5
9946,"A ban on motorcycle travel has also led to fewer people visiting health centres or receiving care in central parts of Mali which are home to some one million people, aid groups say.",4
6592,"Activist Abdullah Omer told Radio Dabanga that the Tawila camps accommodate about 48,000 displaced people, who receive their health services from only a one hospital belonging to Doctors Without Borders. This is shared by the Tawila population which causes severe overcrowding, compelling some to use outpatient clinics or travel to El Fasher.",4
11505,"One of the decrees also ordered the closure of the pro-Kurdish news agency Dihaber and two newspapers, all based in the southeastern city of Diyarbakir. Since the coup, some 130 media outlets have been closed and around 150 journalists jailed.",9
11782,"The Palestinian Ministry of Information (MOI) has documented a number of Israeli violations in an ongoing systematic escalation against Palestinian journalists, perpetrated in an attempt to whitewash Israeli crimes against the Palestinians. In a report issued by the Mentoring and Follow-up Unit in the ministry, it mentioned that 43 violations committed by Israeli occupation forces during September of 2017, including direct target, detention, interrogation, shooting and preventing them from covering events. Israeli forces abducted four journalists while they were working.",9
9263,"Despite the Emergency Treatment of Patients Law (2014), which waived mandatory reporting by service providers to the police in cases of sexual violence, the practice persists, further inhibiting reporting and response. The risk of sexual violence linked with conflict and displacement, notably in Kachin and Northern Shan States, is compounded by a lack of educational and employment opportunities. This physical and economic insecurity leaves civilians, particularly those who are internally displaced, at heightened risk of trafficking, including for the purposes of forced marriage and sexual exploitation.",9
6868,"Jiddumuri Community -Shelter -Most camps have NGO provided shelters which IDPs maintain themselves. Shelters are prone to damage in stormy conditions, particularly as most camps are in open areas.",10
9163,"Food, water and sanitation, health and agriculture are urgent priority needs",11
7498,"Refugees were also concerned about international organizations withdrawing their presence in Lóvua and about the continued provision of services, including health, protection activities, and food and NFI distribution",1
1858,"only one primary health care staff for the whole camp and nearby cities. No doctor, no nurses, no midwifes except when MSF is there 10 days a month. MSF do only child health, nutrition (450 children under treatment) and vaccination",4
6918,"Cereal production in 2017 expected at record levels ? Maize exports forecast at record level in 2017/18 marketing year ? Prices for cereals followed mixed trends in October, but remained below year-earlier levels",3
1830,"Drought conditions persisted in Hiiran due to poor GU rain that prevailed in most parts of Hiiran district impacting the community members negatively in terms of access to food, water and pasture",11
560,"Flood affected several provinces in Viet Nam. Based on the Central Steering Committee for Natural Disaster Prevention and Control report, the flood submerged many sites in Ha Giang, Lao Cai, Dien Bien, Yen Bai, Tuyen Quang, Thai Nguyen, Lai Chau, Bac Kan, Cao Bang, Binh Thuan and An Giang Provinces. The incident has caused for 1 death, 1 missing and 4 injured. A total of 214 houses were damaged, where half of it came from Ha Giang Province (104). Additionally, 579 others were reportedly inundated. The flood also damaged at least 1,639 ha of paddy fields and crops. 78 ha of fisheries area were also affected. ",0
3555,"This analysis identifies the priority areas for response and provides an overview of the operational presence of humanitarian partners across the country. It notes that areas such as Awdal, Bari, Sanag, Nugal, Sool and Woqooyi Galbeed have experienced four consecutive seasons of below normal rains. Consequently, of the one million people in the priority areas, more than half are in Emergency (IPC 4). Urgent nutrition support is required as most of these places have critical levels of Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) of 15 per cent or higher. Some areas in Galgaduud and Mudug have seen massive displacement of pastoralists to urban and periurban areas in search of assistance due to the loss of their livestock. Over half of the population of Galmudug is in need of aid. By the end of 2017, the Gaalkacyo IDP population had the highest malnutrition rates in the country of 21.9 per cent. ",3
11453,"The lack of electricity and regular supply of water to the population is mainly reported in the central and western territories. There are some territories that have remained without electricity for five days. Yuri Camilo Viamontes Lazo, Deputy Minister of Energy and Mines, explained that Hurricane Irma caused significant damage in 100% of the thermoelectric plants located along the northern coast of the country and, to a lesser extent, in two plants along the southern coast. The most serious situation is reported in the Central Region of the Island.Inés María Chapman, President of the National Institute of Hydraulic Resources, pointed out that the most severe damage to the public water supply is reported from the province of Las Tunas to Havana. In the west, the greatest impact is concentrated in Havana.",11
3370,"Thailand’s immigration detention facilities are severely overcrowded, provide inadequate food, have poor ventilation, and lack access to medical service and other necessities. Not surprisingly, the result has been several deaths among detainees. Many children are unlawfully detained because of their immigration status for months or years.",7
4134,"33,026 total returns from Pakistan since 1 January 2017",9
4059,"Among the debris near his neighborhood this week were “a number of cafes, which served as a livelihood for their employees,” he said. ",5
8132,"The education of nearly 600,000 children was directly jeopardized by the hurricane, including 317,000 children whose education was interrupted. • Over 80% of assessed schools suffered damages (1,633 out of 1,992 schools) and 30% were partially or totally destroyed. One school out of three suffered equipment loss and 26% of WASH facilities were destroyed.",2
1868,"The Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights (IOHR) has documented the detainment of dozens of families in the right coast of Mosul by ISIS, who has been using them as human shields. In addition, 300 children are detained in Sihha area, Hay Al Tanak, and Rifaee neighborhoods under the pretext that they constitute a threat to members of ISIS.'ISIS detained 17 children on March 29 in Sihha area and told their families that their children are the soldiers of the caliphate and they are obliged to work with the fighters to help them in carrying arms and equipment.”",9
7150,"With the onset of the rainy season, recent wind and rain storms have damaged and/or destroyed hundreds of shelters, latrines and learning centres, causing a lot of distress for displaced families. Due to shelter shortages, many are still sleeping outside, completely exposed to the elements (raingfalls, sandstorms, sun…).",11
11619,"However with 24 barangays located in the most affected areas of Marawi City completely destroyed, as many as 60,000 of the city's residents are unable to return. The gradual restoration of utilities, services, schools and livelihood opportunties have left the displaced hesitant to return, and returnees struggling with resuming their daily lives. The Humanitarian Country Team, composed of UN agencies, international and national NGOs, continues to support government efforts to restore Marawi City as well as assist the over 311,000 persons who continue to be displaced and unable to return home. There remains to be urgent humanitarian needs for the people of Marawi City, especially with food security, protection and livelihood support.",3
5710,"Among the human rights issues in the country that are still largely unaddressed, Nononsi mentioned the detention of Dr Mudawi Ibrahim and Hafiz Idris, “as I believe that they are being held solely for their legitimate work on protecting and promoting human rights in Sudan”.Other areas of concern he discussed “with the relevant stakeholders” is the protection of the freedom of religion, “with particular reference to the demolition of churches and places of worship by the national security service”, and the “ongoing censorship of newspapers”, and increased restrictions on journalists from freely expressing their opinion.",9
7933,"According to ICRC, two of their workers were also abducted by the gunmen and there are no reports regarding their fate so far.",9
1055,"The fighting along the border has also left dozens of houses and various food stores burned and looted, plus dozens of herds of cattle stolen.",10
11301,"The protracted crisis affected 489 schools; of those, 40 have been fully damaged and 26 are accommodating Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs), thus affecting 244,500 Libyan students (considering that the average number of children per school is 500), in addition to 160,178 refugee and migrants (considering 40 per cent of the total refugee and migrants are children below 18). The start date for schools during the 2017/2018 academic year has been delayed three times for different reasons including security issues, shortage of teachers, delays in receiving text books and the need for schools’ rehabilitation. It is estimated that a total of 300,000 children are in need of education in emergency support. The most affected population are: • 67,000 IDPs, • 79,000 returnees • 121,000 non-displaced children • 32,000 refugees and migrants",2
6720,"Authorities in eastern Libya said on Thursday they had arrested and would deport 81 migrants from Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia who had escaped from smugglers after failing to reach Europe.'They were arrested in the Zueitina area at a camp of illegal migrants,' said Ahmed al-Arifi, an official from the department for countering illegal migration in the eastern city of Benghazi. 'They were arrested for deportation back to their countries.'",9
1015,"• 14.8 million people require assistance to ensure adequate access to healthcare – 8.8 million of whom are in acute need. This represents a 76 per cent increase since late 2014, illustrating the magnitude of the health system’s collapse after 19 months of conflict.",4
9360,"The irregular nature of their journeys makes these children more vulnerable to exploitation and other forms of abuse, including trafficking. Studies have shown that up to 91% of children surveyed travelling to Italy through the Central Mediterranean Route reported being subjected to some form of trafficking or other exploitative practices",9
543,"One of the most pressing needs is responding to the difficult living conditions IDPs are enduring while residing in the shelters. Cold weather and a lack of heating sources, as well as debris accumulation and lack of collection services negatively affect the living conditions and require an immediate and comprehensive intervention. ",10
8176,"The famine-affected and threatened areas have also seen an increased incidence of illness, especially acute respiratory infections, diarrhoea and malaria. There is an increasing demand for healthcare services, however some facilities have been deserted as the communities move closer to available water sources. On top of this, there has been an increase in cattle raiding as communities try cope. Health facilities have been looted and there has been an increase in casualties in need of medical assistance.",4
5891,"According to the National Department of Education (NDoE), 15,726 students in 105 assessed schools have had their access to education affected by the earthquake, with five of the affected schools completely damaged and 100 partially damaged.",2
2868," T he coun t r y task force on mo n i tor ing and repor ting ve ri fied tha t 780 ch i ldren,  includ ing five bo ys , we re vict ims o f rape and o the r forms o f sexua l v io lence  be tween 2012 and 2016 . Twen ty -seven per cen t o f the cases we re ver i fied in 2012  (211) , wi th a downwa rd trend in 2013 (154 ) and 2014 (76 ) . The numbe r s sp iked in  2015 (174) and in the fi r s t hal f o f 2016 (165 )",9
431,"Many arriving at the border crossing are severely dehydrated and in need of emergency medical care.Unfortunately, the availability of water is low, and the supply of sanitation, shelters and non-food items (including plastic sheeting, and cooking and cleaning utensils) is still not meeting the demand. This could have consequences on the health of the new arrivals. ",11
8307,"1,207 Number of schools, of which 1,154 are open and 59 are closed. 618,460 children enrolled in school and 265,938 of those are girls. ",2
4617,"Tropical Cyclone Gita made landfall in Tonga on 12 February, causing severe damage to the main island of Tongatapu. The cyclone damaged or destroyed almost 2,000 homes, caused the evacuation of over 4,500 people and left more than 80% of homes in Tonga without power.",10
946,"At the heart of the affected sectors is agriculture. With long, hot summers, crops require frequent irrigation, which is heavily dependent on the availability of electricity to pump groundwater through the irrigation systems. Although alternative energy sources are available, they are generally too costly for farmers to acquire. Once harvested, the market-ready goods are easily perishable without refrigeration.",11
7340,"The surges are mainly attributed to the meher harvest loss due to frost in Borena, East Hararge, Guji, West Guji and lowlands of Bale zones of Oromia region and South Omo zones of SNNP region; chronic shortage of water and fodder associated with the deepening drought conditions in the pastoralist and agro-pastoralist areas. Poor performing spring rains are escalating drought impact and the quickly spreading of Acute Watery Diarrhoea outbreak, particularly in the Somali region.",3
1272,"Heavy rain has been affecting several areas of the country over the past week causing floods. Approx. 281 mm of rain were recorded in Kuantan city (Pahang state) over 24 - 25 January. Local media reported, as of 25 January at 7.00 UTC, that over 15 000 people have been evacuated in the states of Kelantan, Johor, Perak, Selangor, Malacca and Sabah.",7
10135,"A spike of violence in the Kasai Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) has now forced over 11,000 refugees to seek safety in Angola. Border points and villages inside the Southern African nation have seen a sharp increase in refugee arrivals with over 9,000 arriving so far in April. The brutal conflict in Congo’s previously peaceful Kasai region has already displaced more than one million civilians within the country since it began in mid-2016.",9
6878,"As drought conditions worsen in Somali region, an increasing number of Acute Watery Diarrohea(AWD) cases are being reported daily in the region, including some deaths. The risk of morbidity and mortality is particularly highest amongst vulnerable and malnourished children. At least 40 woredas across seven zones (of a total of 99 woredas in the region) are currently affected. The outbreak is reportedly spreading, including a resurface in Qoloji IDP sites in Babile where the Regional Health Bureau is re-establishing the CTC. ",4
6253,Burundian refugees in camps are entirely dependent on WFP assistance and are likely in Stressed (IPC Phase 2!) acute food insecurity.,3
8104,"More than 8,500 suspected cases of the waterborne disease were reported in the same period in 14 governorates across Yemen, Stillhart said, up from 2,300 cases in 10 governorates last week.",4
5288,"Despite overall below-average pasture availability, 2017/18 Deyr performance was significantly better than 2016/17 Deyr performance and availability of these resources, and livestock migration optionsinternally and across borders, have improved notably relative to the same time last year. As a result, livestock body conditions have improved. Exceptions include some northern and central regions where livestock body conditions are poor due to substantial rainfall deficits and limited migration options. Of greatest concern is Guban Pastoral livelihood zone, where livestock body conditions are very poor and atypical livestock deaths have been occurring since January.",5
2117,"Torrential rains over the past two weeks in Uvira in the eastern South Kivu province have left more than 9,000 people homeless and destroyed at least 6,500 houses. Several schools and health centres have been flooded. In total, around 32,000 people have been affected. Basic household items, shelter, water, health, sanitation and hygiene assistance are the urgent needs.",1
5926,"Population mobility, including cross-border movements, was identified as a significant risk for disease transmission in this outbreak, as the epicentre of the disease is well linked with heavily populated areas through land and by the Congo River. In order to mitigate transmission risk and control the outbreak, IOM, MoH and WHO conducted joint assessments at various points of entry (POE) to DRC’s capital Kinshasa, to gauge the strength of the area's epidemiological surveillance system (photo below). IOM has supported the deployment of 16 epidemiologists, medical doctors, veterinarians, and hygiene specialists to key border areas to conduct POE surveillance, risk communication, infection prevention and control (IPC)",4
2277,"In February 2017, 3,367 Eritreans arrived in Ethiopia, according to Ethiopia’s Administration for Refugee and Returnee Affairs.There are around 165,000 Eritrean refugees and asylum seekers in Ethiopia, according to the UN refugee agency. Thousands more Eritreans live in the country outside the asylum system.“Sometimes we get more than 120 people a day,” says Luel Abera, the reception coordinator at Adinbried. “The stories I hear are very sad: pregnant women delivering on the way, people shot at or wounded, hungry and hurt children.”",5
7714,The health system has been weakened by the ongoing conflict. More than 55% of all facilities are closed or are only partially functional. Water and sanitation systems have been disrupted and continued funding is required for the operation and maintenance of these systems to control outbreaks such as cholera and AWD.,4
10857,"The information was released by the local director of Community Services, Fernando Binge, who added that the rains caused damage estimated at Akz  320 million, but there were no records of human losses.",10
10548,"“A number of visitors consider the situation in the eastern region is worse than the far north because of the poverty, the lack of development, the lack of attention from the authorities,” says Collet.",1
1703,"In order to move between the two sides of East Ghouta, residents must take a circuitous and dangerous detour, one that winds through active rebel battlefronts and passes just meters from a commonly used regime sniping position. With fuel in East Ghouta in such short supply, the path is most often traveled on foot, turning what should be a 10-minute trip into a deadly, hours-long journey. ",6
9,"“A total of over 1.7 million children are now covered under the emergency school feeding program”  Of the total 2.2 million children who require school feeding, close to 1.2 million are being provided with food at schools by the government and additional half a million by partners.",3
9770,"Several houses and a mosque were also destroyed in the avalanches, Haidari added.",10
7983,"The humanitarian situation in Myanmar is characterized by a complex combination of vulnerability to natural disasters, food and nutrition insecurity, armed conflict, inter-communal tensions, statelessness, displacement, trafficking and risky migration. The situation is compounded by chronic poverty and underlying structural inequalities and discrimination, including on the basis of gender, disability, ethnicity and religion, which exacerbates needs and vulnerabilities of affected people in many parts of the country",1
6402,"At the national level the price of the quintal of maize presented an increase of 3.54 percent with respect to April just last, this is normal at this time of the year, the increase is normal at this time of year, it is due to that in the four Regions Families do not harvest at present. Something important is that there is enough maize in the main markets of the country, which covers the national demand, the grain comes mainly from Mexico, as well as the North and South regions of the country. At the present date, the families of the four Regions reported having maize reserves.",3
8317,"In order to compare costs of basic items across locations, a food and NFI index was calculated (see Appendix: Price Indices per Location). Overall prices were found to vary across the assessed cities. The highest food prices were registered in the South, namely in Brak and Sebha. Many food items were up to twice as expensive as in Tripoli, where prices were the lowest for most food items. A similar picture is found for NFIs, with Brak and Gharyan having the highest price levels. The difference in price levels between Tripoli and other regions is even more pronounced for NFIs than for food items",7
8965,“There is a severe shortage of drinking water in the camps as 55 of the 187 water wells are inoperative.,11
4454,"? A total of 37 suspected cases of immediately reportable diseases and events including 8 deaths were reported from 11 counties o Montserrado, Rivercess, and Grand Gedeh Counties were identified through laboratory reports",4
608,"5 additional suspected cholera cases were reported. No death reported. No case reported from Dikwa for OVER 2 weeks. No Alert.Total number of suspected cases of cholera reported stands at 5281, with 61 deaths (CFR = 1.2%). 2651 cases in the Muna corridor (Jere LGA), 736 cases in Dikwa, 1753 cases in Monguno, cases in MMC and Mafa stands at 58 and 20 respectively. No case recorded from Guzamala (Gworam) today, and the cumulative still stand at 69 cases. ? Out of the 274 samples tested using RDTs, 220 (80%) were positive while 120 (64%) of 187 samples were culture positive.The total number of suspected cholera cases reported on 31st October 2017 shows a significant decrease by 75% of case compared to the number of cases reported on the 30th October 2017 (Fig 2). Monguno reported 3 cases, no case was from Gworam in Guzamala LGA. Dikwa has remained silent for over 2 weeks now (Fig. 4). The number of cases reported in Jere also shows a remarkable decrease by 85% when compared to number reported from the previous day, 30th October 2017 (Fig. 3).",4
6146,"Over the past month, the state has informed three Palestinian communities that it intends to expel them from their homes and land. The notification was made by leaving orders on the roadside. In the northern Jordan Valley, on 9 November 2017 the state notified two communities – Umm a-Jamal and Ein al-Hilweh – that they must leave their homes within eight days. These communities total 20 families, five of whom live in the area on a seasonal basis. The total number of residents is 130, including 66 youths and children under the age of 18. In the Ma’ale Adumim area, on 16 November 2017 the state informed the residents of Jabal al-Baba that they must leave their homes within eight days. This community numbers about 60 families, and has a total of 284 residents, including 151 youths and children under the age of 18.Israel has acted for years to expel communities around the West Bank. In the past, its efforts were based mainly on military orders concerning planning and building. However, the proceedings concerning such orders are protracted and require the precise mapping of the land and buildings, as well as the issuing of separate demolition orders for each building.",10
1220,"LGA: Kukawa          23-26 May 2017                      Movement: Spontaneous              Trigger: Improved security  Baga: 109 individuals (31 HH) came into Baga from Bonza in Kebbi State and Old Maiduguri, Gomboru Liberty in MMC and Jere respectively. Kukawa: 58 individuals (11 HH) returned to Kukawa from Monguno and Gwange 2 and Jajeri in MMC.    DTM & ETT Cumula?ve: IDPs = 17,304 ",3
8303,"Latest analyses show that food security needs are nearly double the five-year average, with an estimated 2,444,000 people in crisis phase and 866,000 in emergency phase. Priority areas for response include Sanaag and Sool in the north, and parts of Galmudug, HirShabelle and South-West in the south. Internally displaced persons settlements in urban areas such as Baidoa, Garoowe, Hargeysa and Baidoa are also a priority. ",3
3824,"A normal start for cultivation of main season rice and cassava is expected across the country in April/May as preparations continue normally. Most farmers are clearing sites for planting, and local and international forecasts call for adequate rainfall during most of the planting period in April through June.",0
370,"Th e majority of returns will continue to be to the urban areas in Jubaland (Kismayo), Banadir (Mogadishu) and South West State (Baidoa). It is important to note that refugee returns in Somalia are taking place in the context of ongoing confl ict, violence, insecurity, impunity, absence of eff ective institutions, and lack of infrastructure, which continue to undermine conditions conducive to solutions. Areas of return are generally substandard in terms of access to education, health, protection and WASH services. Th ere is limited capacity for absorption of returnees within the constraints of existing poor basic services. Participatory assessments conducted in March 2017 by UNHCR Somalia with returnees in Bossaso, Garowe and Mogadishu revealed that the main challenges faced by returnees are access to employment / livelihoods and basic services such as health, shelter and education. Post-return monitoring by UNHCR similarly highlights access to education and housing as major gaps",1
9440,"At the province level, cooking oil was most expensive in Gaza followed by Inhambane. It was cheapest in Tete. Among the districts, the cheapest cooking oil was in Magoe (Tete) and Mossurize (Manica), possibly because of their proximity to Zimbabwe, a source of imported cooking oil. By contrast, Chigubo and Chibuto (Gaza) had the highest cooking oil prices, perhaps because Chigubo is remote and relies heavily on supplies from other districts",3
2259,"Out of the 850,000 people with the most acute needs, 740,000 people (87 per cent) remain without potable water. Water remains the key factor in the crisis taking place in the southern region of Madagascar, especially in Taloagnaro where the first rains have not yet fallen. Since mid-December, rain has fallen intermittently throughout Grand Sud, raising hopes that sufficient crops can be harvested by the end of March.",11
3471,"On Sept. 17, the Preventive Security Service (PSS) announced the closure of an unlicensed point of sale for fuel in the Ramallah governorate. Earlier, on Sept. 8, the Palestinian Customs Police detained a smuggler with 3,000 liters of adulterated fuel headed for a gas station north of Ramallah. The customs police, in cooperation with the PSS, had on Aug. 30 shut down an unlicensed gas station in the Ramallah governorate, seizing its tanks and pumps. On Aug. 21, the customs police confiscated some 10,000 liters of smuggled fuel for noncompliance with specifications and standards and seized three gas pumps at two unlicensed gas stations in the town of al-Ram, north of Jerusalem. That same day, the PSS shut down an unlicensed gas station in Ramallah.  Luai Bani Odeh, head of public relations and information with the customs police, told Al-Monitor, “Since the beginning of the year until Aug. 31, 82,000 liters of adulterated fuel have been seized compared to 58,300 liters in 2016.”  Odeh said that adulterated fuel — fuel mixed with spent oil or a hydraulic fluid — is being smuggled from Israel into Area C, which is under full Israeli security and administrative control. From there, it is smuggled further into Palestinian cities and towns for distribution to individuals and unlicensed gas stations. Odeh noted that adulterated fuel causes damage to machinery and vehicles because it does not burn efficiently, leaving compounds behind in engines.",7
1248,"Even without considering the Kasai crisis, the gaps in assistance in NFI and Shelter are significant. Based on the 2017 HRP targets, gaps for NFI are at 67.3%, and emergency and transitional shelter are at 80.1%",10
4946,"The primary reported needs for IDPs across the whole of Libya were access to food, health services and shelter. The main issues related to the above-mentioned needs are that goods are too expensive and therefore IDPs have limit access. Other issues cited for access to health included irregular supply of medicines and low quality of available health services due to overcrowded facilities, lack of medical staff and a diminished availability of female doctors.",10
5417,"Another 10,000 people crossed over the border to Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and are staying in a makeshift camp there. The camp is in a remote area, two days’ walk from the nearest village. Pregnant women have to give birth in the bush. There is minimum shelter and few mosquito nets, increasing the already high risk of malaria. There is no clean drinking water or sanitation, and our local staff team there reports an increase in cases of diarrhoea.",4
9958,"In Ecuador, three confirmed cases of yellow fever were reported: one in EW 8, another in EW 20, and a third case in EW 26 of 2017. All three fatal cases were adults male, with no vaccination history who acquired the infection in the province of Sucumbíos.",4
5868,"Prices of livestock declined in recent months and animal body conditions deteriorated. In December 2016, Marsabit, Mandera, Garissa, and Tana River prices of goats were 15-30% lower than December 2015",5
7637,"In April 2018, commercial food and fuel imports via UNVIM declined 22% and 12% from March import levels, respectively. No containerized cargo was imported for the fifth consecutive month. Since November, half as many vessels (19) are berthing at Hudaydah and Saleef on average, compared to pre-blockade average (35).",5
10301,"With children accounting for 2.5 million Syrian refugees, child protection remains a core element of the 3RP protection response. Child labour continues to be an issue of particular concern, with many Syrian refugee children involved in hazardous work that denies them their rights to education from the age of 12 or younger",2
8767,"Over 8,000 people have fled recent violence in the south and southwestern parts of Menaka at the border with Niger. The military response to the armed group JNIM, and fighting between local armed groups and JNIM, have forced the local community to flee. Families said they fled to avoid the conflict zone, being recruited, and being accused of supporting the armed groups. Traumatised by last month's attacks, women, men and children have chosen to split into several groups, to avoid being all at the same place and become targets of any mass killings. They are scattered across an area with a radius of 3 kilometres. An assessment led by the Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) reveals urgent needs for water, food, medical and psychosocial support. 'Displaced families are drinking stagnant rainwater. Sanitary conditions are precarious. We fear the spread of water-borne diseases,' warned Badou Handane, emergency coordinator for NRC, who led the needs assessment.The displaced families live in makeshift shelters built of plastic mats, fabrics, straws and pieces of wood. With the rainy season looming, these improvised shelters will not resist harsh wind and rain. The situation for pregnant women, breastfeeding mothers and others with specific needs is particularly concerning.",11
2144,"Cereal production in 2017 forecast at average level  Planting of the main 2017 cereal season is virtually concluded. Favourable precipitation levels benefitted planting operations. Maize output in 2017 is anticipated to increase significantly from last year’s production which was affected by Hurricane Matthew late in the season, particularly since sowings are anticipated to remain high. Rice output is also anticipated to increase significantly in 2017 favoured by investments on irrigation and drainage infrastructure promoted by the country’s import substitution drive, combined with improved growing practices, including precision farming. The 2017 cereal output is initially forecast by FAO at an average of 950 000 tonnes, about 9 percent above the previous year’s level.",3
655,"According to FEWSNET, the cumulative performance of the Xays/Daada rains (October to February) was slightly below-average, but together with favorable 2017 Karan/Karma rainfall, there has been marked improvements of livestock ownership across Djibouti, (except in Dikhil region), as well as in households’ income which has led to increased access to food and milk. The majority of the poor households are expected to remain in Stressed (IPC Phase 2) through May 2018, ahead of the lean season.",3
186,"Refugees living in the camps in Rwanda entirely depend on assistance to meet their food needs, as they have limited access to livelihood activities.",5
1468,"About 55 100 IDPs from the 2010 earthquake continue to live in 31 camps, mainly in the metropolitan area of Port-au-Prince. Approximately 71 percent of them are women and children. They are among the most vulnerable people in the country, often threatened with eviction and lacking access to basic services, including safe water and sanitation. For instance, 10 000 IDPs located in nine camps do not have access to a toilet. This leads to an increased risk of water-borne diseases: Haiti remains one of the countries with the highest annual incidence rates of cholera, accounting for nearly one-fifth of all cases worldwide. While undernourished children are more likely to become ill, illness also contributes to undernutrition. It is a vicious cycle.",11
3745,Many IDPs returning to their houses in east Aleppo discover their properties were looted. These families urgently need  additional NFIs.   ,9
6453,"Army Hospital to be mobilized for floodRelief assistance will be coordinated through the Ministry of Health; in addition, a Navy rapid mobile deployment unit will provide shelter to the health personnel. 7,684 relief assistance personnel have been deployed to attend the emergency in the country, including 3,011 volunteers from the Ministry of Health and 3,388 members of the armed forces to assist the population affected by the floods",10
11340,"in many locations the price of water trucking is now two to four times higher than before the crisis,",11
1260,"Site profile,Wau Collective Sites, April 2018: current population as of April 2018, 2,347 households 11,484 individuals. Priority needs:Rehabilitating WASH facilities ahead of the rainy season, Ensuring adequate shelter during rainy season, Supporting unregistered new arrivals",10
2197,"The education situation in DR Congo is alarming, with 7.4 million children out of school across the country.The effects of a lack of education are most acute in DR Congo’s Kasai provinces. Since August 2016, the intensifying violence in Grand Kasai province has displaced 850,000 children and left over 900 schools destroyed. The schools that are open are being used as shelter for displaced families. Conflict has been detrimental to other parts of the country too. In Kalemie town in Tanganyika province, out-of-school rates among displaced children from 6-11 years are as high as 92 per cent - an increase of 76 per cent over the course of the year.DR Congo’s emergency education woes are compounded by an already weak educational system that is unable to absorb shocks caused by chronic conflict",2
641," Sironko- More than 300 families in Lusabe village, Bufupa Parish, Masaba Sub-county in Sironko District that were recently hit by mudslides have asked for faster response from government due to the dire conditions they are living in.Although government opened a camp for the families at Bufupa Primary School, it lacks social amenities such as pit-latrines and clean water. The camp is about 200 metres from the mudslide site. ",11
5827,"The Food Security and Livelihoods Cluster (FSLC) presented the main findings of the Joint Food Security Assessment (FSA) conducted between May to July 2017. Theassessment evidences an increased food insecurity in both GCA and NGCA, as some 1.2 million people (up from 620,000 people projected in 2016) were found to be either severely or moderately food insecure. Of this, some 800,000 food insecure people live in NGCA of the two conflict-affected provinces. The Cluster further stresses that, overall, the share of population with poor and borderline levels of food consumption has increased across the board, while the food expenditure basket has seen a reduction, mainly reflecting the increased cost of utilities, which negatively impacted food consumption of some vulnerable groups",3
771,"Epidemic regions are located near regional rivers and are characterized by sporadic outbreaks, which are likely to be initiated during episodes of prevailing warm air temperature with low river flows, creating favorable environmental conditions for growth of cholera bacteria. Similarly, intense rainfall, through inundation or breakdown of sanitary infrastructure, accelerates interaction between contaminated water and human activities.",4
6477,"The last wave of Chadian troops has returned from Niger. There are concerns that the pull-out may create a security vacuum and impact negatively on the situation around Lake Chad, with heightened protection risks and possible new population movements. The security situation in Chad’s Lac region remains volatile, notably in border areas, where civilians are often targeted. Since July, around 10 attacks on villages involving murder, kidnapping and looting of livestock and properties have been reported every month. Humanitarian access remains limited in border and island areas.",9
3486,"Hashar said the deaths occurred over the past two or three days, adding that all of the children were under the age of 5.",10
5054,"The CFSAM estimated that 6.9 million Syrians are food insecure in terms of current consumption. In addition, the situation of 5.6 million Syrians would likely be worse off without the food assistance provided. An additional 3.1 million people are at risk of food insecurity as they are using asset depletion strategies in order to meet their consumption needs, and only 3.5 million can currently be considered food secure. Syrians have to resort to food coping strategies to cover the severe food shortages they are facing. Some 50 percent of the households have reduced the number of meals and more than 30 percent have restricted the consumption to adults to prioritize children. In the seventh year of the crisis, the large majority of the households have depleted their assets and are no longer able to draw on stocks or other reserves. They resort to child labour or have to withdraw their children from and school to cope",3
9499,"Authorities appeal for medical aid in Pagak Maiwut health officials are appealing for medical aid in Pagak, saying the health facilities there lack medicines despite a rise in diseases. Speaking to Radio Tamazuj on Sunday, Maiwut State Health and Environment Minister Galuak Liputh said since the state headquarters was temporarily transferred to Pagak, the citizens lack access to medicines. 'There are organizations that claim they provide health services in Pagak but in reality they do not exist on the ground,” he said. Liputh who is in Juba, said he is mobilizing support from health authorities and organisations for the people of Pagak, citing a rise in malaria cases as well as the re-emergence of kala azar disease in the area..",4
11189,"For Round 5 (August – September) – similar to previous rounds - WFP distributed food to 6 per cent more people than the planned caseload as a result of increased needs since the Mid-Year Review. The Food Cluster has also received requests to support recent conflict-induced IDPs, which will add to the caseload. ",3
3575,"Dozens of displaced families are living in the open in South Darfur after their homes and shelters were destroyed by fire on Tuesday and Wednesday.Callers from Babanusa and Abyed camps in Gireida told Radio Dabanga that a massive fire broke out on Tuesday, and continued to burn until Wednesday. The blaze continued to burn until Wednesday.In addition to the 22 homes, including their entire contents, substantial quantities of food and agricultural crops were also destroyed in the inferno.Callers old Radio Dabanga that the affected families are now living in the open without shelter, food or cover. ",10
5345,"Meanwhile, people who stay are without food and water. No steady supplies have been able to reach the city since mid-November, Ms. Grande said.  Families with resources are trying to trade what they can to eat even one meal a day, according to stories from people who were able to flee, while some people go for days without meals.",11
4364,"1,693 Schools No. of affected schools (damaged, closed, IDPs, armed groups)",2
3329,"Even so, landmines, IEDs and IS snipers reportedly killed dozens of people who were trying to escape in January alone. ",9
9889,"In Ukhia Upazila, Cox’s Bazar district, two deaths and 390 cases of injury have been reported. Assessments show that new refugees have limited or no access to health services (IFRC 17/01/2017; Al Jazeera 17/01/2017). This problem is compounded as the refugee population seeks to avoid authorities and assistance for fear of detention and deportation (Kaladan press network 27/12/2016). Provision of medical services therefore remains a priority for this population (OCHA 03/01/2017).",4
6801,"On March 8, the Kafr Zeta Specialty Hospital, in rural Hama, was put out of service after being attacked by an airstrike resulting in the destruction of doors, windows, water and electricity systems. There were no casualties reported. The building had moderate structural damage and the facility went out of service. On a monthly basis, the hospital was providing an average of 600 consultations, 100 admissions, 70 major surgeries, 50 deliveries and 180 Trauma cases. ",4
11359," Several Israeli military vehicles, accompanied by a bulldozer, invaded Palestinian orchards, on Tuesday morning, and uprooted 18 olive trees, in Deir Ballout, in the West Bank governorate of Salfit.",0
3975,"Rabies: This outbreak began towards the end of October 2017 in Kibua health district, North Kivu province. During Week 12 of 2018, seven new cases and two deaths were reported.",4
11217,"Over 283,000 people have been internally displaced from Mosul and surrounding areas since the military operations began on 17 October. The operation to retake west Mosul, which started on 19 February, has already displaced 57,000 people.An estimated 68,000 internally displaced persons (IDPs) have returned to their places of origin in and around Mosul.",9
2153," In Turkey’s latest salvo against the pro-Kurdish bloc, the parliament has expelled Peoples’ Democratic Party co-leader Figen Yuksekdag, who remains in jail with fellow leader Selahattin Demirtas and at least nine other HDP deputies while the ruling party continues its legal assaults ahead of the presidential referendum. ",9
6176,"The  estimated  number  of  returnees  to  eastern  Mosul  city  ranges  between  90,000  and  105,000 people, as of the end of April, amounting to at least half of those who earlier fled. UNHCR reports that over 50,000 people have left IDP camps to return to their homes in eastern Mosul  city  and  surrounds  between  the  end  of  2016  and  the  beginning  of  April  2017. Reasons  for  return  include reuniting  with  families,  employment  opportunities,  enrolling children in schools, and resuming a normal life.In  addition,  Iraqi  authorities  have  also reported that people are fleeing  to  eastern  neighbourhoods from the west of the city. Government numbers indicate that over 17,000 people fled western Mosul for the east of the city in the last week of April alone. A large proportion  of  people  fleeing  Tel  Afar  are  also  choosing  to  take  shelter  with  friends  and  family in east Mosul.As the population of eastern Mosul city grows, needs have become more complex: newly-displaced  people  require  humanitarian  assistance,  while  returning  families  and  resident  and host communities need longer-term livelihood support",10
1501, Since the beginning of the crisis:  147  humanitarian workers killed  770  health workers have been killed,6
6158,"35,500 suspected cases of the disease reported in the past three weeks, and 361 deaths.",4
3963,The Zimbabwe Peace Project has noted that several government schools sent children home on the first day of school over outstanding school fees. The ZPP visited at least 14 Primary schools in Harare and Mashonaland Central provinces where children had been sent back home. ,2
1898,"Insecurity also strengthens the appeal of these groups. The murders of 23 FARC members or relatives since the signing of the peace agreement may push some to join dissident forces out of fear or anger. Frustration at the slow progress of the peace agreement, especially the lack of a reincorporation program or opportunities for mid-level commanders to move up within the FARC, is alleged to have prompted Cadete, an important FARC commander, into joining the dissidents in September 2017.",9
2090,"South Africa confirms presence of invasive pest that infests maize. Outbreaks follow crippling El Nino-triggered drought which scorched much of the region last year, hitting crop production and leaving millions in need of food aid.",0
9547,"One year after the passage of Hurricane Matthew, nearly 1 million people are still in need of some form of humanitarian assistance. The humanitarian situation in Haiti, however, notably evolved in 2017: 1.32 million people were estimated to be living in severe food insecurity compared to the 1.5 million in the previous year, there was a 67% decrease in the total number of suspected cases of cholera in comparison with 2016 and the cumulative number of migrants deported or who spontaneously returned from Dominican Republic since July 2015 increased from 158,800 in December 2016 to 230,300 in October 2017. The combined effects of these recurrent needs prevent the country’s full recovery and continue to weaken its resilience against future shocks and stresses.",3
6496,"Abducted ICRC staff member released Geneva (ICRC) – an ICRC staff member who was abducted on 19 December 2016 in Kunduz province, has been released and is now with the ICRC team in Kunduz.",9
3925,"Education needs:Access to education for 43,050 new arrival Rohingya children of 4-14 years age. • Tarpaulins for about 3,000 families residing in LCs/schools in registered camps and Kutupalong makeshift settlement.",2
10471,"Good early prospects for 2017 autumn/winter cereal crop production despite reduced sowings  Cereal production in 2016 estimated at record level  Cereal imports in 2016/17 marketing year unchanged from previous year  Prices of white maize and black beans followed mixed trends in February, both higher than a year earlier  Favourable prospects for cereal production for 2017 autumn/winter crops despite reduced sowings",5
9796,"“The overall power supply to Karachi is per routine including power supply to strategic installations; key hospitals, Dhabeji pumping station and airport,” said Sadia Dada, Director Marketing and Communication, K-Electric. “The power utility experienced difficulties during restoration of some localised faults, isolated in nature, due to rain yesterday [Thursday] mainly in areas infested with illegal connections [kundas]. These areas included parts of Baldia Town, Lyari, Shah Faisal, Khokhrapar, Surjani, and Korangi. However, KE in coordination with the local administration made an all-out effort to resolve these localised faults.”",7
249,"“We hope that Pakistan stops the attacks and that the relationship between the two countries will return to normal. If not, Afghanistan will not sit silent, but will use its internal, regional and international power in response to Pakistan’s actions,” Faramarz Tamana, Director of Strategic Studies at Ministry of Foreign Affairs said.",9
5368,"In August, 1,297 referral documents were issued for Gaza patients. This number is 40% lower compared to the monthly average in the first quarter of 2017 (2,149) and 34% lower than the corresponding month of 2016. However, this represents an increase in the number of referral documents for Gaza patients issued compared to June and July. Chart 1 shows a 12-month trend of the number of referral documents issued for Gaza patients from September 2016-August 2017, split by destination of referral. ",4
10765,"– As the Western Cape faces a serious drought due to poor rainfall during winter, the Department of Water and Sanitation has informed the agricultural sector of 10 percent additional water restrictions.The demand for water in the province has steadily increased due to the growing population and economy. This, as well as poor rainfall, has added significant pressure on water supply.",11
3402,"In a word, yes — the TB situation is particularly alarming. Getting exact health figures for North Korea is a challenge, but WHO includes North Korea on its list of 30 high TB burden countries. The country has one of the highest rates of TB infection outside of sub-Saharan Africa. In 2014, WHO estimated that 5,000 North Koreans died of tuberculosis, which meant the TB death rate was more than five times higher than in neighboring South Korea.  Making the situation all the more challenging, North Korea has increasing rates of multidrug resistant TB (MDR-TB). When access to treatment is limited or interrupted, the likelihood of patients developing MDR-TB increases. MDR-TB is even harder and more expensive to treat, which makes the problem even worse. And this is exactly the situation North Korea will face when the Global Fund grants end.",4
11930,"Following a high influx of South Sudanese refugees to Gambella (about 100 a day), a new camp, the Gure Shembola Camp, has been established in the Benishangul Gumuz Region",10
8607,"At the time of RI’s v isit in February, despite improve- ments, many of the problems identified in the RTE were still working to undermine the response. This was espe- cially so w ith respect to the poor quality of data and lack of a consolidated picture of the outstanding needs of affected communities. As a result, it was unclear whether the full ex tent of the hurr icane’s impact on affected communi- ties had been (and would ever be) accurately captured. At the same time, the emergency response was neitheradequately funded nor sufficient ly targeted to ensure the most vulnerable indiv iduals would recover. This meant that while the emergency response phase was w inding down, the urgent humanitar ian needs of hundreds of thousands of people, especially w ith respect to food secu- r ity, livelihoods, and shelter, had not been sufficient ly addressed.   ",3
6443,"The cholera outbreak continues to show a declining trend, with no active transmission in any of the 24 counties that confirmed the disease in 2017. The two confirmed cases reported in Juba in week 50 were consistent with sporadic transmission. Since the start of the current outbreak on 18 June 2016, a cumulative total of 20 438 cases and 436 deaths (case fatality rate 2.1%) have been reported.",4
4369,"Pests and diseases: An infestation of Fall Armyworm (FAW) has been observed in Inhambane and Sofala provinces , but according to DCAP/MASA, it has not had a significant impact. There has also been an occurrence of African “Mosaic” on cassava crops. Control measures are being employed to combat both, and plans to operationalize a FAW action plan are underway.  ",0
1074,"As of 12 June, some 124,002 suspected cases of cholera and 923 related deaths, had been reported, according to the World Health Organisation (WHO). Most of the deaths are of children under 15 and the elderly (those over 60) .Humanitarian partners fear the actual number of people affected may be much higher, as only 45 per cent of the health facilities are effectively functioning.",4
4868,"On 2nd of May territory of the Donetska Filter station (DFS) was under shelling and, as a result, at 18:40 DFS was de energized. The power line, which supplies electricity to the DFS, Avdiivka and Coke plant (AKHZ), was damaged. ",11
10244,"Measles as of 19 Nov 40,545 suspected cases, 449 confirmed, 515 deaths (1.3% CFR) since the beginning of the year. The outbreak still ongoing and has affected all 26 provinces. Although the current humanitarian situation disrupted the routine vaccination services, however, vaccination campaigns have been implemented early in 2017.",4
7336,Measles Ethiopia  2 607* cases- - - *Counts reported are for 2017 YTD. There have been 58 separate laboratoryconfirmed measles outbreaks in the country. 143 new cases were reported in week 32. A detailed update was provided in the week 32 bulletin. 31-Jul-17,4
6992,"14.5 million people need support to meet their basic water, sanitation and hygiene needs. This includes 8.2 million people who are in acute need. Over the last 19 months, this figure has increased by 8 per cent.",11
9523,"Transport used by women and children interviewed in the survey were mainly trucks, taxis or private cars. About one third indicated that they had travelled long distances on foot or by motorcycle, boat or animals. Travel through the desert usually required traversing rough sand roads while exposed to heat, cold and dust. Nearly one third of the women interviewed reported that they had experienced fatigue, disease, insufficient access to food and water, lack of funds, gang robbery, arrest by local authorities and imprisonment",4
1184,"Cross sources informed the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights that the ” IS ” organization detonated 3 schools in al-Ketef area in the outskirts of Beqres village in the eastern countryside of Deir Ezzor near al-Khasham desert, and local sources confirmed that the reason behind detonating the schools is that the “Islamic State” organization is afraid of the advancement of Jaysh Maghawir al-Thawra to the area, after they had advanced in areas in the eastern countryside of Homs a few days ago, while clashes are taking place between the regime forces and militiamen loyal to them against the “Islamic State” organization in the vicinity of Deir Ezzor airbase, coincided with bombing by warplanes on areas in the vicinity of the airbase and in al-Rasafa and al-Ommal neighborhoods in Deir Ezzor city.",2
4801,"However, the proximity of communal latrines and the low water table of catchment areas increase risks of water contamination.A joint WHO/Bangladesh Department of Public Health research in the Kutupalong and Balukhali extension sites between September and November showed that more than 86 percent of water samples tested positive for E. coli bacteria.",4
10173,"Although food security outcomes will improve seasonally during the outlook period through September, the number of people facing Crisis (IPC Phase 3) or worse outcomes is estimated to be greater than the same period of last year and other recent years. Large assistance needs will remain throughout the period, including for households who are not displaced but who have been impacted by weak labor opportunities, poor rainfed staple production, and conflict-related disruptions to normal livelihoods.",3
8756,"As more Burundians flee into neighboring countries, the UNHCR said the pressure for land there is rising. It said the situation is most serious in Tanzania, which is hosting more than 222,000 people.",9
6817,"Inability to pay rent is one of the main drivers of the constant relocation of IDP families. Among the households surveyed, 65 per cent reported that they had relocated between three and ten times since their initial displacement in 2014. Additionally, 35 per cent reported that they are currently not living in their original neighbourhood or area. Many of these families indicated that displacement has had a negative impact on their access to livelihood opportunities, schools and health services.",10
9707,"5. Sar Pol Zahab city is facing water and tents shortage, and water in many parts of the area is cut off. Army has setup a mobile hospital, more to be deployed if needed. WASH would be the main challenge. Water tankers are sent to area.    ",11
6259,One of the affected residents Angela Siabasimbi said the area haddrainage on Masuku road but the contractor who was working on the roadblocked it hence the flooding in the area.,1
3425,"Urgent action is needed to counter the devastating effects of the lean season in Chad. Between May/ June and September, close to 1 million people living in the Sahelian belt will have little or no access to food (i), as a result of a poor agricultural and pastoral campaign, climatic shocks, economic and fiscal crisis, conflict and market distortions. In the midst of drought, the country enters its worst lean season in six years: 19 departments are on crisis and emergency phases in 2018, compared to 17 in 2017",3
3955,"The Prime Minister has prioritised the SDG2 — to end hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition, and promote sustainable agriculture — for 2017.  ",4
9292,"For the last two months, the number of civilian casualties has dramatically increased as compared to early 2018. Among them, child fatalities are of particular concern. The day before yesterday a 15-year-old girl was killed near Toretsk as a result of a mortar attack. On 22 May, a 14-year-old boy was killed and three children were injured in Debaltseve as a result of a grenade explosion in a bus.  This is unacceptable. The warm season has started and school holidays are ahead. With this in mind, I call on the sides to do their utmost to avoid civilian casualties and pay particular attention to the safety of children.  The situation around civilian infrastructure remains tense as well.As you know, the situation around the Donetsk Filtering Station (DFS) was discussed at the previous TCG meetings. Unfortunately, despite the sides’ security guarantees and the reinforced patrolling of OSCE Special Monitoring Mission, further ceasefire violations have occurred near the DFS.  I also want to mention two recent incidents: the shelling of medical facilities in the government-controlled Toretsk and the undermining of Shterovsky road bridge in certain areas of Luhansk region.",11
9776,"Campotosto (L’Aquila): a roof has collapsed, with two people reportedly stuck under the ruins. ",10
7650,"Armed conflict has been continuing in Kachin over the past 12 months, with variations in intensity and frequency. The situation remains volatile and there is a risk that new military operations may trigger further displacement. The sustained threat to physical security contributes to reduced freedom of movement and access to critical services. Access to markets is also hampered in many locations, especially for women and girls, affecting their wellbeing.",4
8214,The humanitarian community in Libya is perturbed by the continued lack of humanitarian access and subsequent assistance into Derna despite repeated requests. Humanitarian actors have not been allowed to deliver life-saving assistance to Derna such as supplies to support medical facilities and other basic services as well as to provide food and non-food items to those in need. Shortages in medicine and medical supplies are reaching critical levels and the first food shortages are being reported.,4
9884,"Health ? No disease alert/outbreak was observed during the reporting period in all refugee camps of Melkadida operation. Joint and comprehensive UNHCR, ARRA, Woreda and IPs preparedness and response activities are still in place and progressing. Coordination forums are regularly undertaken in camp, zonal & Woreda level, where all relevant actors are involved including health, nutrition and WASH partners and key refugee and host/kebele structures. AWD case isolation and treatment units are established in all health posts in four camps and three health centers.  ",4
2062,"It is reported, loss of plantain crops, cassava Rice and domestic foodstuffs, Premises continue to register The crops",0
9594,"Since 18 May 2018, Mayo Oulo’s Health Zone has reported three cases with zero deaths of cholera in two border health areas with Nigeria. Two cases have been reported in the Guirviza Health Area and one in the Doumo Health Area. The first case was notified to the Guirviza Integrated Health Center in week 20 (week ending 20 May 2018) from Mbouiri village which is likely an imported case from Nigeria. One case has been confirmed on 24 May 2018 at the Pasteur Center of Cameroon in Garoua. All cases are females. All cases are being isolated and clinically managed.",4
5063,"Briones also said the DepEd officials have asked local government units to empty the schools used as evacuation centers and assign other appropriate places so that children could return to school and spare them of war trauma.        For instance, she said there were reports saying that three schools in Iligan are being used as evacuation centers.",2
2685,As many as 44pc children between the ages of five and 16 are still out of school.  ,2
176,"Most of the displaced individuals in Tall Refaat are staying in abandoned houses, often with several families to a room. Some families stay in mosques and schools, while other IDPs are sheltering in the open. IDPs in Nabul and Zahraa are either staying in collective shelters, such as mosques and private halls or are renting houses.",10
8623,"“Government is assisting all affected households with needed items. For those that have been displaced and have nowhere to go, they are being housed in our evacuation centres. We are also providing all the necessary basic items such as food and water, sanitation and hygiene  (Wash) services so that their lives should not be disturbed,” said Mphande.",10
10918,"23 March 2018: In Idlib governorate, heavy violence just 300 metres away from a UNICEF-supported school, forced children attending classes to seek shelter in an improvised shelter nearby. The building was then attacked, resulting in the death of 17 children. Source: UNICEF",2
7500,"As reported, preposition efforts have been halted due to the suspension of convoys from Ramtha BCP. Unless the convoys resume, there will be significant gap in responding to the food needs for both regular as well as emergency response for not only Eastern Dar’a but also for the rest of southern Syria. The two bakeries in the city are still functional and providing bread to people in the city and IDPs in the farmlands, and they have enough flour till now, however have urgent need for fuel.     ?",3
11323,The officials further added that hundreds of rounds of artillery and mortar shells were fired on Lalpur forcing hundreds of thousands of people to evacuate the area.,10
3352,"Health worker Gerimie Dicia says Magloire is lucky her son has recovered. He says many children who arrive at Gado die from hunger, malnutrition, or wounds inflicted on them by fighters while they are escaping from C.A.R.",1
4658,"During week 29 (from 16 to 22 July 2017), 34 253 suspected cholera cases and 44 deaths were reported in Yemen. • Since the beginning of this outbreak second wave (from 27 April to 23 July 2017), 390,865 suspected cholera cases, and 1 864 deaths (CFR: 0.5%) have been reported in 21 of the country 23 governorates (91.0%), and in 88.6% of the districts (295/333). • About 2% of the total population have been affected.",4
7015,"Over 2.4 million school-aged children are in IPC phases 2 and 4 and 411.000 have been displaced since November 2016 due to drought and conflict. Displaced and vulnerable children require access to basic services, including education.",2
4236,"Mediocre performance of the 2017 rainy season in the Sahel has led to pasture and water deficits in many areas that will persist until at least July 2018.Mauritania and northern Senegal have been the most significantly impacted.The limited regeneration of pasture and water points led many transhumant pastoralists to begin their southward migration early, in September/October as opposed to November/December as they would in a typical year.2017 rainfed and 2017/18 irrigated off-season agriculture have also been significantly impacted in some areas.",5
11561,"an estimated 70,000 children under age 5 require treatment for severe acute malnutrition (SAM) in Burundi. Food insecurity could deteriorate in the coming months if fall armyworm is not contained.",3
8209,"No inter-community food related conflict was reported. However some in-household conflict was reported between households members. This was especially among children competing for certain foods. There is also an increased tension between men and women in households over providing enough food for the family. Men report feeling a responsibility to provide food or cash income and women report feeling responsible to meet the food / meal needs of households this is causing increased strain on relationships and a potential risk of violence.Wife and husband are sometimes fight each others because of their kids are crying and asking for food” Female focus group, Leohitu, Balibo, Bobonaro",3
2829,"Six months into the military operation to retake Mosul City from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), civilians continue to have significant humanitarian needs. These needs are most severe among displaced families, both in and out of camps, and vulnerable residents in newly accessible areas.  On 19 February, Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) resumed military operations to retake western Mosul from ISIL. The humanitarian impact has been significant. Since the new offensive began, approximately 330,000 people from west Mosul have been displaced to camps and emergency sites as of 18 April, according to the Government of Iraq.",8
4033,"6 July update - 200-900 individuals arriving daily (compared to 400-1,200) last week. June 2017 update - Refugee population: 1,277,476 individuals (74% of refugees are from South Sudan). Crude mortality: 0.1/10,000. Under 5 mortality: 0.3/10,000. No major outbreaks, except for the 11 districts in northern Uganda experiencing malaria outbreaks. Minimum required rates of investigating suspected meals cases attained (2.57/100,000) - 12% of cases IgM positive. 1 suspected case of bacterial meningitis reported.",4
5736,". Most of the housing infrastructure located on its trajectory and near its eye did not withstand the strength of the impact and had their roofs, structures and walls blown away. In the worst hit areas, 90 per cent of homes are estimated to be destroyed. While housing structures in urban and peri-urban areas seemed to have experienced moderate to serious damages due to their concrete/block structures, preliminary findings seem to indicate that homes in rural and mountainous areas were totally destroyed due to their structures built more traditionally in timber, thatch and mud. More than 30,180 homes were reported to be fully destroyed while 60,000 are estimated to be damaged.4 Of the total number of 370,000 housing units impacted by the hurricane, 84,000 are in urban areas whereas 286,000 are in rural areas. They demand immediate shelter assistance. Approximately 525,000 need shelter and non-food-item (NFI) assistance5 .",7
5210,At least 66 people have been confirmed dead from a severe outbreak of the Lassa fever in Nigeria. About 160 cases confirmed,4
10959,The provincial government has assured residents that there would be no repeat of 2015 and was working on ensuring those in need of care receive rapid treatment. ,4
10275,"Service provision in Rakhine remains unequal, largely as a result of inter-communal tensions and movement restrictions applicable to Muslims. This puts many people at risk, particularly elderly and disabled people, as well as those in need of urgent life-saving medical attention or treatment for severe malnutrition. ",1
2753,"978,000 People in Madagascar Requiring Emergency Assistance. Approximately 973,700 people faced food insecurity in southern Madagascar. ",8
7062,"46,000 Work permits issued or renewed over the past year by the Government of Jordan to Syrians",5
8269,"Blackouts in other cities of SindhSindh Chief Minister Murad Ali Shah also took notice of power outages in Hyderabad and Sukkur, ordering Energy Secretary Agha Wasif to communicate with the CEO of the Hyderabad Electric Supply Company (Hesco) and the Sukkur Electricity Supply Company (Sesco) to ascertain the reasons behind the blackou",7
2437,"In Uganda, prices of maize increased by about 40 percent between September/October and January, when they were at near record to record levels, underpinned by unfavourable prospects for the recently-concluded harvests.",3
1389,"In 2016, more than 28 000 suspected cases of dengue fever and over 218 000 suspected malaria cases were reported in Yemen.Malnutrition rates are increasing, with almost 462 000 children suffering from severe acute malnutrition and at risk of life-threatening complications.Currently, more than half of all health facilities in Yemen are closed or partially functioning. At least 274 health facilities have been damaged or destroyed as a result of the conflict, 13 health workers have been killed and 31 injured.",4
7298,"462,000 children under 5 at risk of Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM)  14.5 million People in need of WASH assistance  14.8 million People in need of basic health care ",11
10254,"The final agreement on water between Israel and the PA is expected to reinforce US efforts to resume peace talks between Israelis and Palestinians. But Ghoneim denied any link. “The water that will be given to us as part of the deal is our right because we are on the coast of the Dead Sea. This has nothing to do with negotiations on a final [settlement] with Israel,” he said.  Read more: http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/originals/2017/07/israel-palestine-economic-peace-water-agreement.html#ixzz4o17hxzK6",11
11507,"Increased prices of water and fuel for irrigation had already hurt Daraa and Quneitra farmers in recent weeks.Last month, pro-regime forces captured a stretch of rebel-held territory in southern Suwayda province, more than 100 kilometers east of Quneitra’s farm fields. The advances severed a complex smuggling route that brought cheap, low-grade diesel from the Islamic State’s oil fields in eastern Syria across the open desert and west toward the farms of Daraa and Quneitra. There, local farmers used the cheap fuel to power their irrigation systems and other farm equipment.“One liter of mazot fuel has reached SP500 [approximately $1],” the farmer and father of five said. “The expenses associated with harvesting now outweigh the price of the crops.”",5
347,"220 refugee farmers were registered, whom will benefit from four new irrigation schemes. The process was conducted jointly between UNHCR, ARRA and REST. Registration of 220 host community farmers has been initiated and will be led by the Woredas through the respective Kebele administration. ? 305 business plans and loan applications have been submitted to REST from Bokolmanyo, Melkadida and Hilaweyn camps. These applications were submitted by groups who are interested to start businesses.",10
4819,Lack of income generating activities to provide the necessary financial means continues to hamper access to basic household items among the most vulnerable population in need;,5
4733,"Adolescent girls report making a significant contribution to the maintenance and functioning of their communities through unpaid economic and care labour. This is primarily done through work in the household, which intensifies during emergencies or parental absence and can have a negative impact on their education and life journeys.",2
3212," Human Rights Watch has documented the cases of 49 people, including four children, who have been arbitrarily detained or forcibly disappeared in the Aden and Hadramawt governates of Yemen over the last year. At least 38 appear to have been arrested or detained by UAE-backed security forces. Multiple sources, including Yemeni government officials, have reported the existence of numerous informal detention facilities and secret prisons in Aden and Hadramawt, including at least two run by the UAE and others run by UAE-backed Yemeni security forces. Human Rights Watch documented people held at 11 such sites in the two governorates.",9
2466,"Prolonged drought severely affecting livestock conditions in southeastern pastoral areas; current vegetation conditions still very poor despite 2017 October-December “deyr/hageya” rains have been so far erratic but above averageTwo consecutive failed rainy seasons (2016 “deyr/hageya” and 2017 “gu/genna”) caused critical forage and water deficits which resulted in severe livestock emaciation and mortality rates as well as a sharp decline in milk production. The areas most affected by the prolonged drought are the southern districts of Somali Region (Korahe, Shabelle, Liben, Afder and Dollo zones), where herd sizes were estimated in June to be significantly below average and milk production has virtually ceased.",5
7851,"'With so many people squeezed in one place, the risk of an outbreak of cholera is extremely high. It puts the exhausted population at highest risk of death.'",4
4082,"In response to SDF advancement, however, ISIL is severely restricting the movement of people wanting to flee to SDF-controlled areas. As the SDF advances, people are often left up to their own devices and are able to leave under volatile circumstances.  ",9
104,"Madagali: 10% food secure, 22% marginally food secure, 47% moderately food insecure, 21% severely food insecure",3
7864,"The increase in drought-related displacement has coincided with a sharp increase in forced eviction trends. Forced evictions are especially prevalent among IDPs who have settled on private land, with Mogadishu and Baidoa as the main hotspots, according to the NRC eviction tracker. So far, in 2017 more than 100,000 IDPs have been evicted from their places of settlement, representing a 15 per cent increase compared to the same period in 2016. During the week of 14 to 21 September, over 1,000 IDPs were evicted by private landowners from IDP settlements in Haluul and Harqan, Baidoa region. During the same period, another 8,000 people relocated to from Kagarkaa-Madagari IDP settlements to adjacent settlements after the grace period to settle on the previous settlement expired. The majority are drought-displaced IDPs who arrived in Baidoa since January 2017. Some of the evicted IDPs have been relocated to a new site in consultation with local authorities and protection cluster partners. The WASH cluster partners have raised concern over the damage caused to water and sanitation infrastructure and facilities during the evictions.The trend in evictions is potentially impacted by short-term gains for landowners and gatekeepers from increased taxation due to an influx of assistance for drought-displaced populations. Besides disrupting the livelihoods of IDPs and reducing their ability to cope with the displacement situation, evictions on occasions result in the destruction of humanitarian investments such as latrines. The Protection Cluster, mainly the Housing, Property and Land sub-cluster are engaging with local authorities to prevent further evictions and further request the authorities for a guarantee that tenure agreements will be respected and any evictions will proceed in an orderly and dignified fashion. Through the NRC’s Information, Counselling and Legal assistance (ICLA) programme, communities are engaged to ensure formal tenure agreements are agreed upon with landowners and specific families are assisted with legal counseling or litigation.",5
10279,"“The fire spread rapidly to farms in the area because of the strong wind, and caused significant damage to crops,” MP Mohamed Abbas Ibrahim said",0
1638,"35 Acute Watery Diarrhea (AWD) suspected cases were reported from Dollo Ado and surrounding districts including Dollo-Bay and Dollo-Somalia. Hence, an Emergency Preparedness and Response Technical Committee (EPRTC) and Outbreak Response Team (ORT) were established at the zonal and camp levels. Additionally, the Woreda task force committee coordinates responses of Implementing Partners (IP) and information exchange. No disease outbreaks were observed in the camps during the reporting period. ? MSF, with ARRA, IMC and Humedica organized two trainings with 10 (WASH) and 24 (CTC and AWD case management) participants respectively in Dollo Ado. Relevant IPs are engaged in promoting community awareness on AWD. ? A total of 56 patients received outpatient consultations at the reception centre health post. Vaccinations were provided to children following standard operating procedures, incl. 29 children receiving the first dose of polio, and one child was vaccinated against measles. Additionally, 20 women within the reproductive age (15-49 years old) received the first dose of Tetanus Toxoid vaccine at the reception centre.",4
2930,Food security conditions expected to improve on account of large agricultural output and lower cereal prices,3
8039,"A total of 80,229 schoolchildren and cooks were targeted for assistance by WFP in the month of March. WFP provided food assistance to pre and primary school children in Greater Banjul Area,West Coast, Lower River, Central River and Upper River Regions for the month of March. ",5
4960,"As at week 27 (July 1-7, 2017), the outbreak is activei in 5 states (Anambra, Rivers, Ondo, Edo and Plateau). Taraba and Bauchi states have completed 42 days follow-up (two incubation periods) with no new confirmed case reported and the outbreak is over in these states.",4
647,"At least 17,723 Syrians were killed “in government custody” from March 2011 to December 2015, according to the February 2017 Amnesty International report that Khalil helped compile—on average, 300 detainees killed each month. In Saydnaya alone, as many as 13,000 inmates were executed by hanging just moments after being informed of their fates, the report found. Others starved to death, or died of hypothermia or disease. Some simply wasted away, too depressed to go on eating their food rations. ",9
4186,"It is estimated that more than 830 000 people are presently in need of humanitarian assistance in Cox's Bazar, of which 55% are children. 618 000 new arrival since 25 August 2017 (338 000 in Kutupalong Expansion Site, 234 000 in other settlements and camps and 46 000 in host communities). Urgent needs in food assistance, nutrition, shelter, health, protection, water and sanitation. Serious risks of diseases outbreaks - including measles and cholera – and high number of SGBV reported.",10
8764,"Despite the new motto, “Let peace not cost us our lives,” 80 human rights defenders — community leaders, organizers and lawyers defending Indigenous people, campesinos, Afro-Colombians, labor activists, victims' groups, youth and LGBTI members, in descending order — lost their lives in 2016, reported the Program We Are Defenders, which complies figures every year.The number represents a 22 percent rise since 2015, as assassination attempts rose by 29, “a violence against human rights defenders and social leaders that has worsened to levels not seen in 10 years,” the report stated. People related or close to defenders and leaders were not counted, but also deserve thorough investigation, said the report.",9
8657,"The Southeast (MG19) is still experiencing Crisis (IPC Phase 3), except in Manakara, due to the depletion of household staple stocks, and increased dependence on markets. The Mahafaly Plain (MG 23) is also experiencing Crisis (IPC Phase 3) due to the below normal harvests, which also reduced cash income. The situation in Androy Semi-Arid zone (MG 24) has improved with new harvests, except in Beloha which remains in Crisis (IPC Phase 3), and in Tsihombe where humanitarian assistance contributed to improved household food access resulting in Stressed (IPC Phase 2!). The Southwest (MG 20) is in Stressed (IPC Phase 2) due to below average production and limited sources of income.",3
512,"Due to the shelling, the Donetsk Filter Station (DFS) stopped working on 30 January leaving some 15,000 to 17,000 people in Avdiivka without water, and potentially affecting up to 400,000 people served by the facility. The power supply of Avdiivka was already cut on 29 January, affecting the supply of water from the backup reservoir, without which the city’s heating system cannot operate. Moreover, on 30 January the fourth power line to the Avdiivka coke plant was damaged by shelling, leaving it without power, and further impacting on the supply of hot water. Urgent repairs are needed to restart the heating system. With temperatures falling well below -10 degrees Celsius, should the heating system stop working it will freeze and will require weeks to restart. Although the authorities have found a temporary solution to keep the water circulating, this is not sustainable. Electrical repair teams are standing by, but continued shelling is preventing repairs.",7
311,Al-Mahrah: Al-Ebri health centre is out of service due to lack of medical supplies.,4
11261,"On Monday, fierce clash reported between security forces and Taliban militants in the Sangin district.  The clash erupted after dozens of armed militants stormed security posts in the troubled district, with each side claiming to have inflicted heavy casualties on the other.",9
7884,"From January to September 2017, 1,585 children have been recruited by armed groups – 95 percent of them in Southern and Central Somalia.3 In areas most affected by conflict and displacement, protection needs in Somalia stem from acts of violence, exploitation, abuse, coercion, and deprivation, especially in situations of conflict and displacement, including grave violations against children and GBV.",9
3435,"Somalia: There has been a decrease in the epidemic trend. During week 33 (week ending 20 August 2017), 222 new cases and no deaths were reported in the country; compared to 282 cases reported in week 32. Out of the 222 new cases, 97 were reported from South Central and 125 were from Somali land. Most affected regions are Banadir, Togdheer, Awdal, Mjeex and Lower Jubba.",4
2190,"In September, Hurricane Irma, a category five event, caused excess precipitation in the Nord, Nord-Ouest, Nord-Est departments. According to official assessments, the area affected by excess precipitation for autumn season maize and rice, which is harvested from late November, ranges between 30 and 40 percent of the area sown. FAO is supporting the Government’s efforts in providing inputs, particularly seed and fertilizers, for replanting crops in the most affected areas.",0
11172,The legal assistance needs assessment survey elaborated in this document found that one in every three households along the line of contact has at least one major legal issue in addition to a host of other protection concerns.,9
4872,"Although it is the beginning of the harvest period, food prices remain high in all parts of the country following the agricultural season’s below-average production. Prices of local rice in Mahajanga and Toamasina, areas that were severely impacted by dryness, rose by 28 to 38 percent between December 2016 and May 2017. ",3
5362,"Six months into the military operation to retake Mosul City from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), civilians continue to have significant humanitarian needs. These needs are most severe among displaced families, both in and out of camps, and vulnerable residents in newly accessible areas.  On 19 February, Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) resumed military operations to retake western Mosul from ISIL. The humanitarian impact has been significant. Since the new offensive began, approximately 330,000 people from west Mosul have been displaced to camps and emergency sites as of 18 April, according to the Government of Iraq.",5
11530,"In its February to September 2017 Malawi Food Outlook report, FEWS NET says this is expected to lead to a decrease in income at the macroeconomic as well as household level.",3
1217,Preliminary estimates indicate that about 16 000 hectares were fully lost and 560 000 hectares of standing crops were partially damaged.,3
10030,"Chronic poverty hinders access to adequate and nutritious foods in Burma and movement restrictions negatively affect livelihood opportunities, particularly among crisis-affected communities. Approximately 38 percent of the population lives below the poverty line.",8
6214,"An estimated 584,500 people in Libya are currently in need of shelter assistance in the form of in-kind or cash-based assistance. Several waves of conflict since 2011 have induced massive displacement and caused severe damage to housing and infrastructure across Libya, especially on the coastal areas.",10
8523,"At least six more infants died in Tharparker over the weekend due to various waterborne diseases and malnutrition, raising the death toll in the desert region to 72 since January this year, a district official told Dawn. ",11
10542,"Last weekend Cyclone Josie killed six people and caused extensive damage.Continued rain and flooding over the weekend has left two more people dead and one missing.Yesterday about 800 people were in 13 evacuation centres after the drenching of the last week which has left streets and farmland caked in silt and mud.It caused extensive damage to infrastructure and crops, and contaminated water supplies, spilling debris across vast areas, including the centre of the town of Ba. ",5
3793,"Schools in Mentao Camp were closed after the assassination of a school teacher in Djibo. Though they reopened a few weeks later, some 5,000 Burkinabe children in the region did not resume educational activities. In addition, protection risks with regards to the refugee population have become increasingly apparent.",9
10493,"During Ramadan, people living in Hasansham U2 and Hammam al Alil camps fell ill with food poisoning. This was as a result of food cooked outside the camps during the day and brought in for Iftar (evening meal). Meals were then left in soaring temperatures for hours until sunset when fasting adults could eat and rehydrate. Some 945 people were treated for vomiting and diarrhoea. The first vomiting and diarrhoea outbreak occurred on 13 June and the second on 24 June – while several people were hospitalised, no deaths occurred. The situation in both camps was quickly contained as health partners responded with treatment and samples sent to the laboratory for examination.",3
2216,"However, a resident of Miranshah was of the view that while the Army's contributions were commendable, the civilian government did not seem serious about addressing the issues and problems of the tribal people.",1
2569,"On teachers, they reported that some teachers, especially Malawians, go to school to teach while drunk. They further reported that some of the teachers bribe girls to exchange sex for good grades in school.",9
8928,"Some migrants have legs broken in several places, burn injuries and severely beaten backs. Libyan organisations working alongside us are as horrified as we are. While it’s impossible to say how many migrants and refugees arrive in Libya, pass through Bani Walid, and endure this nightmare, we’re treating just as many survivors during our consultations as last year. Just last week a survivor who’d arrived at the hostel the previous day told us, “I’ve endured 2 months, 3 weeks, 1 day and 12 hours of hell.” Although their health often requires them to be hospitalised, admission is often delayed because public hospitals oblige us to test patients beforehand for infectious diseases. Every month we give 50 body bags to a local NGO who want to give a decent burial to migrants and refugees found dead in the Bani Walid area. They say they’ve buried over 730 bodies since last year. But we can’t conclude that this corresponds to the number of people who have died from the atrocities and dangers endured passing through this specific area. The death toll is definitely much higher.",4
5031,"Local authorities have warned of an imminent hunger crisis, if no resources are mobilized, as approximately 90 per cent of the population in the assessed areas lost their food stocks to the cyclone and are unable to sustain themselves.",3
9915,"Liberia Since the beginning of 2017 and as of 4 June, Liberia has reported 864 suspected cases, 84 of which were positive. One hundred and twenty of the suspected cases were compatible with measles(cid:160)and epi-linked, while sixty are pending laboratory confirmation. Of the 600 equivocal and negative cases, 291 (48.5%) samples have been tested for rubella, 135 of which(cid:160)(46.4%) were positive. ",4
6684,"Heavy rains and floods have forced more than 1,000 people from their homes to relief camps in Danubyu, Myanaung, and Ingapu townships in Irrawaddy Region.We have so far opened four relief camps, and victims mainly need food. We are prioritizing emergency food supplies in each township,” said director of the Irrawaddy Region Relief and Resettlement Department U Than Soe.",10
2995,"Indicative data collected by the TFPM at the community level through key informants show that the number one priority need in IDP populated locations are: food (83%), access to income (6%), shelter/ housing (4%) and drinking water (3%). ",5
9514,"También has been displaced personnel to rehabilitate the service in the zone of the Airport and surrounding areas. The rains continue, this delays the restoration of energy. San Pedro Sula reports the lack of energy in the sector of Santa Marta. In Villanueva, sector of the cane fields, three damaged posts are reported that have Caused a power outage. In Quimistán, Santa Barbara, a slight rain left a fallen tree on the CH4 highway, interrupting the traffic at the height of the bridge San Fr Ancisco.Elements of the Fire Department together with the Police carry out cleaning work supported by the staff of a fiber optic company.",7
3712,"As consequence of the DINEO cyclone, several basic social services such as health care, education and water supply (especially in urban areas) were disrupted due to lack of electricity and partial destruction of the respective infrastructures (health units and classrooms).",2
5531,"Between April and May, Crisis (IPC Phase 3) food security outcomes are expected. From June through September, Stressed (IPC Phase 2) outcomes are expected as poor households will still face livelihood protection deficits.",5
7649," Harvesting of the main season’s rice crop is underway and will stretch into July, slightly delayed due to the dryness earlier in the season. Rice production is expected to decline in 2017 and is provisionally forecast at 3.5 million tonnes (2.3 million tonnes, milled basis). The decrease is predominantly on account of reduced rains in the main producing areas of the north. Notably, dryness during the December-February period in Analamanga, Boeny and Alaotra-Mangoro regions, which combined contribute to over 20 percent to the national rice output, is expected to have curbed the area planted, while precipitation shortfalls will likely constrain yields. ",5
2998,"The number of new cases of suspected meningitis being reported has begun to decline as outbreak control measures take effect, a Government statement said on 26 April. Some 628 new cases were reported in the week of 17 April compared to 1,935 the previous week. Cumulatively, 9,646 suspected cases and 839 deaths have been recorded in 23 states. ",4
10337,Chronic malnutrition: 23.8% of children between 6-59 months ,8
2933,"This map illustrates shelters in the area of the Hadalat crossing on the Syrian-Jordanian border. Using a satellite image collected by the Pleiades satellite on 16 September 2017, UNOSAT located only 189 probable shelters, and most previously identified shelters had been dismantled. This is an 85% decrease in shelters since the previous UNOSAT analysis done using an image collected 19 August 2017.",10
8259,"The health practitioners, NGO staff, police officers, shelter residents, and other community members interviewed repeatedly highlighted the need for greater psychosocial support in the aftermath of the hurricane. The UN has highlighted the need for greater psychological support as a key issue in Collective Centres.1",4
8216,"Many of those who have fled report harassment, killings and generalized violence. All are in urgent need of protection, medical and psychosocial assistance, shelter, food and basic relief items. Refugees are currently sheltered in two reception centres, which are currently operating at their maximum capacity.",3
1889,"In Rakhine, service provision has been severely interrupted by the violence in late 2017 and subsequent access restrictions, exacerbating existing needs and potentially creating new ones. ",1
6229,"Humanitarian needs remain high throughout the governorate. Access to the main water network remains challenging for most communities in the governorate. Disrupted supply routes continue to limit the quantity of food available. On 12 December, a Syrian Arab Red Crescent (SARC) convoy delivered assistance for some 15,000 people (food, health and other relief items) to Abu Kamal city.",11
4572,"Food insecurity in the Lake Chad region, already at crisis levels, is expected to further deepen as families exhaust their last reserves and the lean season progresses. However, while needs increase, WFP is faced by critical resource constraints which have already caused rations cuts in April. The situation is expected to deteriorate significantly in the coming months if urgent and timely funding is not secured. A prioritization exercise is ongoing in all affected countries",3
2851,"“As with the meningitis outbreaks of previous years, we have responded to the emergency in areas where the population has been the most affected,” said Félix Kouassi, MSF’s head of mission in Niger. “Our teams have supported the Ministry of Public Health in managing the vaccination campaign in several districts of the town of Niamey and also in the regions of Tillabéry, Dosso, and Tahoua, where more than 75 percent of cases have been recorded.” ",5
7102,"Following the identification of seven positive cholera cases in Al Hudaydah in mid-April, relief actors activated a rapid response team to decommission a contaminated water source and chlorinate water sources across the governorate, the UN reports",4
8536,"Out of the 850,000 people with the most acute needs, 740,000 people (87 per cent) remain without potable water. Water remains the key factor in the crisis taking place in the southern region of Madagascar, especially in Taloagnaro where the first rains have not yet fallen. Since mid-December, rain has fallen intermittently throughout Grand Sud, raising hopes that sufficient crops can be harvested by the end of March.",11
7809,"There was an increase in the number of AWD/Cholera cases and deaths reported from 854 cases and 9 deaths in week 6 to 1502 cases and 79 deaths in week 7.A total of 1502 AWD/Cholera cases and 79 deaths (CFR 5.3%) were reported during week 7 (7th to 19th February) in 31 districts in 8 regions. Of the 1502 AWD cases reported in all districts,212 cases were reported from Burdhuhunle in Bakol which represents 14% of the total cases.AWD/cholera has spread to new areas in south central;Baidoa districts in the villages of G. Burey and Nesboy while in Bakol region new AWD cases were reported in Burdhunle district.In Puntland, new AWD cases have been reported in Jawlle IDP camp in Garowe district Nugal region.",4
2547,"Mabrouka and Al-Hol (not assessed in this report) in Al-Hasakeh governorate have been used as transit locations for months. For these sites, accessibility has enabled some provision of facilities and services, though gaps remain. More recently, Areesha (Bahra / Shadadeh) in southern Al-Hasakeh governorate has received large numbers of IDPs from Deir-ez-Zor. Plans have commenced for response with a variety of services, though service provision is currently limited and concerns remain regarding the freedom of movement of residents.",1
3577,"As a matter of protocol, Romanian authorities detain people who enter the country illegally for several days in order to determine their identities, perform medical screenings, and single out potential “facilitators' or smugglers.",9
3767,13 Jan 2017 lanslide in Moquegua. 64 people affected. Houses schools and health centres affected. Routes affected as well as crops,4
2806,"On 13 August, Gaza’s sole power plant turned off one of two operating turbines due to a shortage of fuel, extending power cuts to 22 hours per day, up from 18-20 hours previously. Since 21 June, the GPP has been operating with fuel imported from Egypt, however, the deliveries have been repeatedly disrupted triggering shortages. This has further disrupted the already stressed provision of basic services, including health, water and sanitation.",7
10954,"Amid reports of hundreds of people who died from cholera in the past month, doctors and activists say the Sudanese government and international relief agencies are not giving the aid and attention needed.The National Epidemiological Corporation reported the death of 820 people and the infection of more than 23,766 people with cholera since the start of May.Reportedly 12 people died and 330 people were infected with cholera in both El Gedaref and Um Garkur refugee camps. ",4
6279,"Ethiopia is among the largest refugee?hosting countries in Africa, with about 840 000 registered refugees and asylum seekers estimated in late May, mainly originating from South Sudan, Somalia and Eritrea. Financial constraints have seriously limited the level of humanitarian assistance so far and the environmental degradation in camps, the fragile eco-system and the scarcity of resources have led to tensions between host communities and refugees in some locations.",9
1547,Chronic malnutrition: 37 percent of children between 6-59 months ,8
6919,"The Lord’s Resistance Army (LRA) was responsible for 16 attacks in February 2017 in which they abducted 70 civilians, 32 in Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and 38 in the Central African Republic (CAR).",1
1976,"Worrying projections have showed a high likelihood of worsening food security, especially in the North of the country, coupled with above-normal mortality rates for livestock due to the lack of pastures and water sources.",5
5324,"The cholera outbreak in Lusaka District, Zambia, reached its peak in week 1 of 2018, with more than 650 cases per week. Since then, the weekly number of cases has decreased to 337 new cases with two deaths (case fatality rate 0.6%) reported from 14-20 January 2018 compared with 636 new cases with 13 deaths (case fatality rate 2.0%) in the previous week. As of 23 January 2018, a cumulative total of 3 635 cases with 78 deaths (case fatality rate 2.1%) have been reported. The majority (94%; 3 424) of cases and deaths (90%; 70) have been reported from the urban Lusaka district. The cases are concentrated in four sub-districts of Lusaka: Chipata (1 180 cases), Kanyama (1 092), Matero (483), and Chawama (353 cases). Cholera cases have also been reported from 23 other districts outside Lusaka, where 211 cases with eight deaths (case fatality rate 3.8%) have been reported. To date, 216 out of 702 stool samples have tested positive by culture for Vibrio cholerae O1 Ogawa, seven for Salmonella spp. and seven for Shigella spp.",4
9309,"544,000 people were affected, including   252,480 children   270,000 people with 125,000 children in need of immediate life-saving assistance   15,000 or more school children and teachers need support to get back to schools ",1
11001,"Among the non-assisted new arrivals, 54 percent have a poor or borderline diet, meaning that they are eating less than the minimum required to live a healthy life. Poor food consumption reflects a diet of poor quality and quantity which mainly consists of the consumption of rice, fats, and some greens.",3
11565,"Medical personnel and residents who fled told Human Rights Watch about dire conditions in areas under government control, and some villages in the Afrin district under the control of Turkish and allied armed groups. Several described sleeping in open fields without shelter, going without food, and having no access to clean water. On March 29, the United Nations said the needs for these displaced people were “staggering” and emphasized that aid was needed for their basic survival. A former Afrin city resident who fled to a nearby village said that she and the others there had little food, no electricity, no regular access to water, and no medical care. ",10
9240,"Just as in 2011, drought-related diseases such as AWD/Cholera and measles are also on the rise. The outbreak is currently spreading to new villages and districts, in particular along the Shabelle River, with the drought and subsequent water shortage and malnutrition exacerbating the spread of the outbreak",4
3421,"The ability to deliver assistance to highly food insecure areas is likely to remain volatile throughout 2017, as highlighted by the recent evacuation of aid workers from Mayendit. In the absence of largescale humanitarian assistance, Famine is likely in Mayendit and Panyijiar and expected to continue in Leer and Koch through at least July",3
905,"Even though no county has been classified under famine (Phase 5) in this IPC update, the situation continues to be very critical. In June-July 2017, in addition to approximately 45,000 people estimated to be facing Humanitarian Catastrophe2 , an estimated 1.7 million people are likely to be facing food security emergency (IPC Phase 4) - one-step below Famine on the IPC scale. This is based on most likely assumptions of continued armed conflict, food shortages associated with seasonality, and humanitarian assistance delivery constraints. This projected number in June-July 2017 is up from 1.0 million projected for February-April 2017 period in the last IPC report",3
7860,"Fears are growing for the safety of civilians in the strategic western port city of Hodeidah amid reports that a major offensive by the Saudi Arabia-led coalition is due to get under way soon,",9
5088,"Diphtheria   • As of 19 May 2018, there were 6 918 diphtheria case-patients reported through EWARS and an additional 653 case-patients were tested negative on PCR. • This week 58 new case-patients were reported which is steady on previous week (59 cases-patients in week 19). • Total of 42 deaths were reported in EWARS (case-fatality proportion <1.0%), no new deaths were reported in last five weeks. • Of all diphtheria cases, 237 cases have been laboratory confirmed. The last laboratory confirmed case-patient was reported on 15 May 2018. In week 20, one (suspected) case-patient was reported from the host community, bringing the total to 60 case-patients. • 20 case-patients were laboratory confirmed, 28 were probable and 12 were suspected. No deaths have been reported within the host community.  ",4
11015,"Fearing for their lives as the violence between rival groups intensified, hundreds of Fulani families fled to Chad or settled into three camps set up between Kabo and Batangafo. Late in 2015 and 2016, some families returned from Chad and moved into the camps as a first step towards returning to their old lives. But they have been stuck in the camps ever since.Some 600,000 people are internally displaced, and 2.1 million people are food insecure. ",3
11843,"Refugees and migrants are at high risk, reportedly being subjected to physical and mental abuse, forced and unpaid labor, financial exploitation, arbitrary arrest and detention. Despite the risks and as a result of reduced border controls, there is increasing illegal migration. Traffickers, taking advantage of civil unrest, have established enterprises which load refugees and migrants into overcrowded boats, bound for Europe. In 2016, this has led to 4,220 deaths at sea. The International Organization for Migration (IOM) has identified 256,690 migrants, although 700,000 to 1 million migrants are estimated to be in the country. Despite the current situation, Libya is still an important transit and destination country for migrants searching for employment or trying to reach Europe",9
4686,"Parliament still hasn’t adopted the report of the Truth, Justice, and Reconciliation Commission (TJRC) established by Kenya to help heal historical grievances dating from well before the 2007 election violence. The report also proposes reparations for victims.",9
3818,"Access to fuel is a key concern. Not only have the prices soared, the FDMN have been reported of selling food rations to obtain firewood. When collecting firewood in the forests, they are exposed to a wide range of protection concerns. Cooking with firewood inside shelters continues to be a significant fire hazard.",10
979,The VASyR 2016 report shows lower school attendance rates for children with disabilities across all age groups. Parents have attributed this to noninclusive education programmes and the lack of school facilities for people with special needs.,2
5062,"There is the lack of basic facilities including water for the 22,000 inhabitants already in Pulka. ",11
4705,"The situation in Derna has been worsening steadily since the tightening of the siege in July 2017. According to REACH’s findings, the situation deteriorated even further following the clashes on May 15th. Since the recent events, the pace of internal displacement within the city has accelerated, with both displaced and non-displaced populations facing a breakdown of municipal services. The city’s only water desalination plant closed on May 29th due to insecurity, leaving the public water network largely empty. Lengthy power cuts have been frequent, key food and non-food items, including fuel, have been absent from markets, and only one hospital has continued to function. The hospital staff recorded severe shortages of generator fuel and medical supplies, and all assessed neighborhoods were reported to be contaminated with explosive remnants of war.",3
4465," In addition, it is estimated that at least 300,000 Haitian undocumented migrants currently in the Dominican Republic remain under threat of deportation. n. Those arriving in Haiti find themselves in a precarious situation, in part due to insufficient reception capacity on the Haitian side of the border. Municipalities are stretched to respond, and tensions occur with local residents. As a result, hundreds of people are settling in dire conditions in basic makeshift camps near the border. They need humanitarian and protection assistance, including determining their legal status in Haiti. About a quarter of the estimated 737,000 people, including 355,640 children, located near the border are at direct risk of trafficking",9
5626,"Millet, maize, cowpea, and imported rice are the most important food commodities. Millet is consumed by both rural and poor urban households throughout the country. Maize and imported rice are most important for urban households, while cowpea is mainly consumed by poor households in rural and urban areas as a protein source. Niamey is the most important national market and an international trade center, and also supplies urban households. Tillaberi is also an urban center that supplies the surrounding area. Gaya market represents a main urban market for maize with cross-border connections. Maradi, Tounfafi, and Diffa are regional assembly and cross-border markets for Niger and other countries in the region. These are markets where households and herders coming from the northern cereal deficit areas regularly buy their food. Agadez and Zinder are also important national and regional markets. Nguigmi and Abalak are located in pastoral areas, where people are heavily dependent on cereal markets for their food supply. They are particularly important during the rainy season, when herders are confined to the pastoral zone.",3
5699,"the regime forces shelled areas in Al-Zyara town in the southern countryside of Hama, and no information about injured people, while warplanes carried out several airstrikes during last night on areas in Al-Hamra district in the northeastern countryside of Hama, where the warplanes targeted Al-Hawayes Citadel, the area of its health center, areas in Janat Al-Swarna, other places in Al-Malolah Hospital and Al-Malolah village, and a school area in Al-Marijab in the northeastern countryside of Hama, while violent clashes were renewed between ISIS against Hayaat Tahrir Al-Sham in several areas in the northeastern countryside of Hama, and there is information about human losses in the ranks of both parties, while areas were shelled in the vicinity of Al-Latmnah town and Al-Zakat village in the northern countryside of Hama, which caused material damage, and no information about casualties.",2
2848,"The death toll from Yemen’s diphtheria outbreak is likely to rise if a Saudi-led naval blockade continues to prevent vital supplies from entering the country, Save the Children is warning.  Aid workers are struggling to cope with the country’s worst diphtheria outbreak since 1989 following a spike in cases in November. 716 suspected cases and 52 deaths have been reported. Young children are bearing the brunt – 90 percent of fatalities are under the age of 15.  'Diphtheria is highly contagious, and there’s so little help right now that families are carrying their children for hundreds of miles to get to us. But they’re arriving too late and infecting people on the way. Yesterday I cried with a mother who lost her child – there was nothing we could do for her daughter by the time she got here.'Most people haven’t been vaccinated, and we don’t have the stockpile of vaccines we need for this type of outbreak. The blockade is making it impossible to bring in specialists, medicine or essential items like ventilators to keep sick children alive. Unless there’s urgent action now, we will not be able to stop the spread of diphtheria.'",4
1623,"Government officials and partners are also actively preparing for the beginning of the school year. A number of schools need a complete clean up and rehabilitation; several hundreds of school children directly affected by the disaster need uniforms, books and stationary as well as support for school fees.",2
5703,"Thousands of displaced Pashtu tribesmen in northwestern Pakistan have asked the government to ensure their return to their homes before the Muslim holy period of Ramadan begins this month. About 2,400 tribal families from the Dande Darpakhel village in North Waziristan, which is part of a semiautonomous tribal region known as the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA), are living in temporary shelters with inadequate facilities.",10
11874,"But Uganda’s great undertaking could go wrong. “The hosts have been outstanding and the settlement model is unique,” says Hesemann. “But it comes with high expectations that if communities host refugees, they will benefit. It needs to be followed with concrete funding, or it risks disenfranchising the community.”",9
8645,"s of 26 June, about 377,000 people have been displaced by conflict between the military and a non-state armed group in Marawi City (Lanao del Sur province). A total of 75 evacuation centres are hosting 16,000 people. As of 24 June, more than 2,100 medical cases were reported from five evacuation centres in Iligan City, including upper respiratory tract infections, skin diseases, acute respiratory illness, hypertension and acute watery diarrhoea, according to the Government’s cluster for public health. To date, total assistance from the Government for the response has exceeded US$2.3 million. ",4
7693,"these provinces flooded houses and swept away cars after rivers burst their banks. According to the official reports, two counties of Ajabshir and Azarshahr in Azerbaijane-Sharghi province were mostly affected.",7
2211,"Sudan is currently facing three different evolving emergencies requiring immediate response, including the Acute Watery Diarrhoea (AWD) outbreak in 12 affected states (Kassala, Blue Nile, River Nile, Gezira, Sennar, Khartoum, Gedarif, Red Sea, Northern, White Nile, South Kordofan, and North Kordofan States); with an overall case fatality ratio of 1.9 per cent4 in the 12 statesIn June, suspected AWD cases in the hardest hit White Nile State reached 7,342 including 853 children. There were cumulatively 116 deaths in 9 localities in White Nile alone, with a case fatality rate in that State of 1.7 per cent. Acceleration of undertaking AWD prevention measures in schools is one of the key priories, due to the new school year starting in July/August. UNICEF has been supporting the Government’s leadership and response through integrated water, sanitation, health, nutrition, protection and community awareness interventions as well as the prepositioning of supplies. ",4
761,"Rains continued to leave a trail of death and destruction across the country Monday.In Kilifi and Tana River counties, some 800 families displaced by floods are in dire need of food, shelter and clothing.Kenya Red Cross Society Tana River County Director Jerald Bombey said the families are currently camping at a higher ground.“We hope to reach the families with food supplies soon,” Mr Bombey told the Nation.County Director of Special Programmes, Ms Ruth Odinga, said 17 evacuation centres had been identified to house those affected by floods in the county.“We are currently equipping these evacuation centres to make them habitable,” said Ms Odinga.",10
10354,"The 'lean season' - when households run short of food before the next harvest - is forecast to start three months earlier than usual, according to aid agencies.  Food prices have soared, with prices for sacks of staples such as sorghum, maize and wheat flour up by 281 percent compared to the same time last year, it said. ",3
9140,"In Surat Thani province, several homes and basic infrastructure in Bang Sawan subdistrict have been damaged by fallen trees and debris swept along in flash floods. Residents were forced to go without running water or electricity for over 24 hours, until authorities were able to restore power. One person reportedly drowned in the floodwaters.",11
3345,"May rainy season, the per formance of seasonal rainfall further nor th in Ethiopia, South Sudan, and Sudan has been above- averageWhile much of the East Africa experienced a very poor Mar-May than twice their normal accumulation (Figure 2), with similar and Sudan has been positive anomalies observed as far as southwestern Sudan. This uncharacteristically early and wet compared to climatology. rains season, the performance of seasonal rainfall further north",0
10605,"Yes, we know Yemen’s Red Sea port city of Hodeidah has become a regular on the Cheat Sheet. We’re back with more and, no, it’s not good news. As we reported earlier this month, the UN tried and failed to get some civilians out of harm’s way as violence intensified in areas outside the city. Now, Amnesty International has spoken to some of the 100,000 civilians who have been displaced in Yemen since last December, most of them from around Hodeidah. They say their flight – often to abandoned buildings, overcrowded rooms, or informal camps – is treacherous and expensive, and accuse Houthi rebels of mining roads and preventing civilians from leaving. Nonetheless, the UN reported this week hundreds more families leaving their homes in the region in a matter of days. And it’s only likely to be downhill from here.",9
1789,"About 55,100 internally displaced persons (IDPs) continue living in 31 camps, mainly in the metropolitan area of Port-au-Prince since 2010. Nearly seven years after the earthquake, they still lack options to leave camps, and are among the most vulnerable persons in the country, in particular to natural hazards. They are often threatened of eviction and lack access to basic services, including to safe water and sanitation. For instance, 10,000 IDPs located in nine camps do not have access to a toilet. This leads to increased risk of water-borne diseases, such as cholera. Some IDPs—children, elderly, women and single-headed households—are particularly exposed to abuse, exploitation and violence, including sexual and gender-based violence. In addition to life-saving assistance, women and children, who represent approximately 71 per cent of the IDP population, require protection support. ",9
6370,"Many children, especially girls, are not only denied of their educational development, but also other important benefits such as psychosocial support, protection from threats, including sexual abuse and exploitation, physical attack, early marriage, child labor and recruitment into armed groups. In addition, lack of access to education, limited continuity and teachers’ motivation remain key challenges. Occupation and attacks on schools continue to be a concern. In 2017, forced use of curriculum by non-state armed groups has increased, resulting in forced closure of schools in several areas which is disrupting children’s access to and continuation of education.",8
1515," Although water is available for drinking, it needs to be treated before human use for which household water filters or water purification (Aqua) tabs are required",11
11953," Since the initial 26 February earthquake, 194 aftershocks have occurred, of which six were of a 6.0 or greater magnitude. Provision of water, basic healthcare, nutrition, sanitation and psychosocial services, tied to getting children back to school, remain priority needs.   • Since the beginning of the response, 15.7 Metric Tonnes of UNICEF-controlled supplies have been transported from Port Moresby to Mount Hagen with support from the Australian Defence Force.   • 2,600 children (of which 1,113 are girls) have been reached with non-formal basic education including Early Childhood Development (ECD).   • Challenges related to inter-communal fighting and insecurity remain a big concern and are affecting the delivery of assistance, particularly in Hela Province. Since tensions escalated on 28 March, humanitarian operations in and around Tari (Hela Province), remain suspended. Some 40,500 earthquake-affected people (48 per cent females) in Hela province have now also been affected by fighting. ",1
7364,The county has been severely affected by the ongoing drought ravaging many parts of the country. ,11
4767,"87,843 total returns from Iran since 1 January 2017 ",9
2169,More IDPs and households led by women are resorting to negative coping strategies.,3
11618,"Another 5,000 to 6,000 refugees are living in government established camps. Conditions in  the camps are better, with greater access to non-food items (NFIs). However, these refugees are still vulnerable,  particularly to cold-related health issues. Many live in unheated tents. At least six migrants across Serbia have died  due to the cold weather since the beginning of January 2017.  ",4
7297,"A group of migrants and refugees on Monday blocked a Greek minister from entering the former Athens airport terminal, where they have been stranded for months, in a protest against their living conditions.  Dozens of protesters, among them many children, rallied outside a gate chanting 'Go, Go!' and 'Liar!' to Migration Minister Yannis Mouzalas. One migrant handed him a crying child as he reached the chained gate.",10
3155,"The landslides that occurred between June and July are the deadliest in history, with Rangamati and Bandarban the most affected areas. Currently, 1,500 people in eight shelter camps are still receiving emergency shelter assistance and food assistance from national authorities.Complementing the government’s efforts, several humanitarian partners are providing shelter assistance, psychosocial support, NFIs and cash for food to 4,300 households. Other agencies are providing shelter, WASH and Sexual and Reproductive Health assistance to 1,500 households.",1
4156,t 8.5 million people will require relief food assistance ,3
2332,"Hays hospital, the main health facility in the district, is not operational since 10 December 2017, after it was damaged by airstrikes. The facility should be re-operationalised as a matter of priority",4
8252,"Faulty Construction, Heavy Rain Cause Dam to Flood Lao Villages Hundreds of thousands of cubic feet of muddy water have flooded eight villages in central Laos’ Xaysomboun province after the reservoir of a dam upstream burst its banks last week following heavy rain, damaging infrastructure, farmlands, and water supplies.   When the reservoir of the Nam Ao Dam in Phaxay district in northeastern Laos’ Xieng Khouang province broke on Sept. 11, it sent 500,000 cubic meters of water downstream in severe flashfloods that inundated the villages with water, seriously damaging one of them, according to officials.",1
7585,"Since the beginning of 2018, there has been a significant reduction in availability and access to water due to a deficit caused by a lack of rain, which has been further affected by the La Niña phenomenon in the South American region. The most affected departments in the country are Tacuarembó, Salto, Durazno and certain areas of Artigas, Paysandú, Rivera and Río Negro. In some areas, there is a considerable reduction in the levels of water in wells and dams, affecting the availability of water in the affected departments. In total, 95 per cent of the national population has potable water supply and access to it through water pipes, while the other 5 per cent use dams and storage tanks; this latter group of families have been directly affected by the water deficit, and the lack of water has considerably reduced available areas for growing crops and raising livestock, which has affected families’ food supply.",5
8055,"Heavy downpours have caused damage in several parts of China.  In south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, three people were killed by lightning, local authorities said Thursday.  Heavy rain since Sunday caused flooding in Hezhou and Baise cities, according to the regional department of civil affairs.  The downpours are forecast to continue, local meteorological authorities said.  In the central province of Hunan, 52 houses collapsed, and more than 5,000 hectares of crops were damaged, due to heavy rain since Wednesday.  In the southwestern province of Guizhou, flooding has blocked traffic and inundated houses and crop fields.  In Wanshan District of Tongren City houses are flooded and residents evacuated. Local meteorological authorities said the rain will continue until Friday.",10
146,"Mohammed Mustafa is facing a more difficult problem than Talib. His agricultural lands are in Hajar al-Deek border area while he lives in the center of Gaza City. He can only water his crops if the four power supply hours are during the day, since at night the border area becomes dangerous and deserted and he cannot risk his life to save his plants.",11
1744,But the scale of the emergency has overwhelmed existing facilities and resources. Detention centres and assembly points are now at full capacity and lack basic amenities like water tanks and sanitation facilities. Many people including children are having to sleep outside in the open. ,4
3671,"As at the 19th of October 2017, 74 suspected cases of Monkeypox have been reported from 11 states, including the Federal Capital Territory (FCT)",4
11433,"More than 24,000 of refugee children under five years in South Sudan suffer from growth retardation, a nutrition survey done by the United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR) shows.South Sudanese refugees carrying Core Relief Items walk down a road in Bidibidi refugee settlement, Yumbe District, Northern Region, Uganda. (UNHCR/David Azia)The agency said the survey, which was conducted among refugee children under five in eight refugee camps and settlements across South Sudan in December 2017 revealed that 6.2 per cent or 3,391 out of the total of 54,172 refugee children under 5 years old were suffering from acute malnutrition.The survey, UNHCR said, also revealed that 48% or 26,000 of refugee children were suffering from anemia. Overall nutrition status of refugee children has improved as compared to previous years, however the number of children suffering from stunting, acute malnutrition and anemia remains to be a matter of high concern. ",8
194,"The security situation was also characterized by ongoing house search operations by police, notably in neighbourhoods of Bujumbura Mairie, where anti-Government demonstrations in 2015 had been most pronounced. Frequent arrests were made during such operations of those not registered in the cahier de ménage (a visitors’ book required to be kept by each household); some of those arrested were detained and interrogated. Arrests of real or perceived opposition members continued, notably of the party Forces nationales de libération (FNL)/Rwasa, and the party Mouvement pour la solidarité et la démocratie. In the eastern province of Ruyigi, on 18 December, five supporters of FNL/Rwasa were arrested and accused of having held an unauthorized meeting on the proposed referendum. On 10 January, a spokesperson for FNL/Rwasa said that more than 45 FNL members had been arrested since the beginning of the campaign in favour of the constitutional amendments.",9
5445,"The humanitarian situation in Ar-Raqqa city remains dire with reports of fuel and food commodities becoming scarce. Most bakeries went out of service as they lack flour and diesel. In addition, mobile communication has been severed as the communication services building was allegedly destroyed by airstrikes, and ISIL has reportedly banned internet cafes services. Residents continue to flee the city via the river, damaged bridges and land routes, although ISIL has been reportedly preventing civilians from leaving. On 5 June, airstrikes reportedly hit a boat, allegedly carrying civilians from the northern to the southern bank of the Euphrates River which is reported to have resulted in nine casualties, and the injury of at least ten others. Obtaining verified information from Ar-Raqqa city remains challenging due to insecurity, heavy fighting and access constraints",9
7316,"However, even amid this response during the floods, there is still a concern over malaria that may come as an aftermath of the rains and flooding.“This remains one of our biggest concerns, and we have already begun training healthcare workers in Turkana County on malaria surveillance and response in case of an outbreak,” says David Croft, Head of Mission for MSF in Kenya. ",4
1752,"Recent violence in Ituri Province, Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), has displaced over 300,000 people from their homes and has echoes of the conflict that affected the region in the early 2000s. Houses have been burned, around 200 people have been killed and many more have been wounded.  Some people in Ituri have been displaced for over a month, living in informal sites with host families or sheltering in churches and schools, many without access to clean water. Due to this displacment, Médecins Sans Frontières/Doctors Without Borders (MSF) is concerned that people's health could start to deteriorate leading to cases of severe malnutrition, and potential measles or cholera epidemics.",10
1474, Vanuatu authorities are warning of the dangers of unsafe drinking water and sanitation systems after Cyclone Hola. ,11
7083,"According to epidemiological findings, 48 per cent of the reported cases are males and 52 per cent are females. About 87 per cent of the affected population are 5 years of age and above, while 9 per cent are under 5 years. All patients with AWD presented symptoms of diarrhoea and 80 per cent reported vomiting, while 8.8 per cent showed symptoms of abdominal pain and 1.8 per cent reported fever",4
6250,"In March 2018, OHCHR recorded 18 conflict-related civilian casualties: 5 people killed and 13 injured; 15 of the civilian casualties are caused by ERW and mine-related incidents",9
2095,"Young Syrians repeatedly face the risk of arrest and detention because they don’t have the required identification documents to apply for visas in Lebanon. This hinders their ability to move freely, enrol in school or access basic services.",9
9446,"More heavy rains are expected in the Dominican Republic over the next couple of weeks, prompting the state-run Emergency Operations Centre (COE) to declare an emergency alert for 25 provinces.  More than 9,000 people have already been forced to leave their homes into shelters as heavy rains and flooding have swept over southern Dominican Republic since late April.  Torrential downpours have engorged rivers, triggered landslides and wiped away crops, roads and buildings, which have hampered emergency relief operations in some areas. Major water pipes have been damaged, limiting access to safe water and raising the risk of waterborne diseases. ",7
10324,"The October 2016 WFP Rapid Food Security Assessment (RFSA) indicated that some 24% of IDPs (an 18% increase since 2015) are food insecure and 62% are vulnerable to food insecurity. IDPs, returnees and refugees are among the most vulnerable population groups in need of food assistance",3
7550,G rave v io lat ions aga ins t ch ildren we re ca rried ou t wi th impun i ty. T he  breakdown in law and o rder and the a b sence o f Sta te au tho ri ty in large par ts o f  Soma l ia exacerba ted the s itua tion . Trad it iona l jus tice mechan isms we re o ften  pre ferred and led to financ ial se tt lemen ts between fami lies,9
9274,Eating once a day   Getting loans to buy food   Some girls are prompted to start prostitution due to food related problems,3
10791,"Source of food: the most common source of food was food distributions, reported in 91% of all assessed locations. The second most commonly reported source of food was local market, as recorded in 36% of locations, and support from friends and relatives in 23% of locations. Access to food: access to food was reported to have changed during the previous month in 11% of assessed locations, with similar rates across collective sites and collective sites with host communities. The main two reasons behind such a change were reportedly the reduced access to assistance (8% of locations), and the increase of price of food (5% of locations). Source of fuel: the most reported source of fuel was the local forest. This was indicated in 67% of assessed locations. The second most common source of fuel was the local market, as reported in 28% of locations. Source of income: in 82% of locations it was reported that refugees had no regular income at all. In 17% of locations, refugees reportedly engaged in irregular daily labor or casual work. In 15% of locations, the sale of items received through humanitarian assistance represented the main source of income. Access to nutritional supplements: in 30% of locations it was reported that refugees had no access to nutritional supplements for pregnant or lactating women, either because the service was not available or because the service existed, but it was difficult to access. Likewise, in 29% of locations KIs reported difficulties accessing nutritional supplements for children. In 58% of assessed locations, it was reported that children have no access to school feeding programs including high energy biscuits",3
179,"'The hospital in Katakwi, eastern Uganda, has received 232 children, more than half of all the children on HIV medication in the district. They lack food and have been malnourished since the start of this year,",3
5944,"One of the major drivers of food insecurity this past consumption year were high staple food prices due to high local demand and driven by poor production in Lesotho, as well as high prices in South Africa due to poor production. This season both the local and regional harvests prospects are good, so local staple food prices are gradually declining (Figure 1) and are expected to continue declining between May and September. Stable food prices and improved income opportunities are expected to continue during the post-harvest period of May to September. As a result, it is expected that most of Lesotho will experience Minimal (IPC Phase 1) acute food security outcomes between May and September 2017. ",3
2424,"An estimated 16% of the Rohingya are single mothers. Many have lost their husbands to violence in Myanmar or to migration in search of livelihoods for survival. Older refugees at risk, or those responsible for children, account for 6.6% of the population, and child-headed households are 3.7%6. The majority of the population are women and children (52% are women and girls; 55% are children under 18)7 . Absence of identity documentation and recognized legal status impedes refugees’ freedom of movement, as well as access to justice, legal work opportunities, accredited education and other public services.",9
5530,"A growing population is straining water supplies in Afghanistan's capital, forcing those who can afford it to dig unregulated wells ever deeper to tap a falling water table.'The increase in population and drought has resulted in a shortage of water in Kabul, so more people are demanding deeper wells to get it,' said Aslam Khan, who runs a well-digging business.",11
1317,"As the security situation in Derna escalated in the second half of May 2018, local population have been dis- placed to the sourrounding areas of Martuba, Shahat, Al Qubba, Soussa, Tobruk and Al Bayda.  Over the past 24 hours, another 115 households (~575 individuals) were reportedly displaced to Tobruk, Shahat, Al Qubba and Al Bayda, bringing the total number of displaced from Derna over the past two weeks to 540 families (~2,700 individuals). Reported priority needs in Martuba, Soussa and Al Qubba include food, NFIs and basic medical supplies. The humanitarian situation inside Derna remains critical. Population movements between the suburbs and the center of Derna, due to continued shelling, reportedly affected at least 500 families in May.",4
6511,"Conflict in Yemen is the primary driver of the largest food  security emergency in the world, with 7 to 10 million people  in Crisis (IPC Phase 3), or worse, and in need of urgent  humanitarian assistance. Of this total, at least two million  people are in Emergency (IPC Phase 4) and face an increased  risk of mortality.",3
10184,"Heavy rainfall, causing flooding and mass emergence of Rift Valley fever vectors is closely associated with Rift Valley fever outbreaks.",4
7021,"On 20 April 2017, WHO elevated the outbreak of AWD/cholera and the humanitarian crisis in Ethiopia to grade 3 emergency. This new grading enables the organization to leverage its global capacity and scale up the response to the outbreak and the humanitarian crisis.",4
3187, The cities also suffered large-scale destruction to houses and other buildings. Half of all the schools in Sare Pole Zahab are reported to have been destroyed,2
4105,"Before the rains reported in the Piura region, the Regional Health Directorate reports that until yesterday (Sunday) the Santa Rosa Hospital had leaks in the area of the Laboratory and X-rays, as well as difficulties in providing clean clothing.",4
7574,"Civil utilities, such as electricity and water, were cut off in the Iranian quake-stricken areas and the fear of aftershocks kept thousands of people on the streets and in the parks in cold weather. More than 100 aftershocks were recorded in the area.",11
8603,"A severe drought afflicting South Africa's Western Cape province is expected to cut agricultural output by 20 percent this year, decimating the wheat crop and reducing apple, grape and pear exports to Europe, officials said on Thursday.",3
2862,The lack of land is the main constraint to upgrading shelters to international standards • Decongestion efforts will support the sectors ability to provide better living conditions.The market capacity to supply CRH as alternative fuel is limited and will probably only meet 25% of the total needs at maximum. There is a need to investigate market capacity to supply other fuel types such as LPG. • Clothes (including hats and socks) for newborn and small children are required urgently. • Sectors and communities are reporting that there are numbers of vulnerable HHs which have not received shelter and NFI inputs and will require targeted distributions,10
274,"ly consists of ethnic Peuhl, and the fighting led to violence against Peuhl civilians by both FPRC fighters and men i",3
9324,"544,102 (39%) out of the 1,402,180 registered Afghans in Pakistan (as of 31 May 2017) are school-aged children between 5-18 years. ? Out of these 544,102 registered school going age children, only 22% (119,403) children received formal education last year in the UNHCR mapped 25 high density Afghan refugee population districts and 45 refugee villages in Pakistan. ? Afghan refugee girls’ enrolment in school remains low at all levels of education and across all provinces. In the UNHCR funded 171 refugee village schools, only 18% girls of school going age girls are enrolled in school. Balochistan has the highest girls’ enrolment at 65% whereas in Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, only 20% and 14% girls are enrolled in schools respectively. ? The urban schools mapped in the three locations show even worse statistics-only 14% girls (22,370) are enrolled in the mapped schools against a total female school going population (5-18 years) of 160,878 outside the RVs. However, the small sample size of schools mapped might account for this low percentage of female enrolment.",2
7223,"As of 27 December 2016, 62 cases (6 confirmed, 5 probable, 51 suspected) including 26 deaths (case fatality rate of 42%) have been reported in two adjacent districts in two neighbouring regions of the country. 28 cases, including 10 deaths have been reported from Befotaka District in Atsimo-Atsinanana Region and 34 cases including 16 deaths have been reported from Iakora district in Ihorombe Region.",4
10705,"Nine of the 15 bakeries in Idleb City are functioning, with a maximum production capacity of forty tons. ? Of the six bakeries that are not functional, the following reasons were mentioned: o Machinery malfunction: It is difficult to obtain spare parts due to high prices. o Lack of funding: Bakeries are unable to cover operational costs. ? In Idleb City, the price of a pack of subsidized bread at a bakery is 125 SYP; whereas its price on the market is 150 SYP.",3
3502,"The floods have affected the crops, forcing many of the affected families to change their diets and implement survival strategies; for example, affected farmers have begun selling their agricultural products at a very low cost, which will affect their income generation.",3
308,"The closure of formal and informal access routes to eastern Ghouta has led to sharp price hikes, limiting people’s access to basic commodities.   ",1
6170,"Flood submerged Siak District, Riau Province. The local authority estimated that the flood submerged 800 houses in Kampung Tualang, Perawang, Pinang Sebatang and Perawang Barat villages.  The Disaster Management Authority of Siak (BPBD) has responded the situation by setting up seven post commands to help the flood victims. Food and relief supplies were also distributed to the victims.",1
2535," The director-general of the Red Sea state Ministry of Health has confirmed the outbreak of an “unidentified fever” in Port Sudan. It has led to the death of three people. The number of infected is not yet clear. According to journalist Osman Hashim, at least 100 people in the Red Sea state capital have been hit by the fever. “The disease causes dizziness, headaches, and joint pain, with symptoms similar to those of haemorrhagic fever,” he said.",4
10372,"In a January assessment in Gaza Province, FEWS NET observed crops at different stages as farmers have planted in a strategic way. They try to avoid the impact of mid-season dry spells and plant when it rains and they have seeds. Some farmers are unable to obtain seeds on their own, and planned seed distributions are ongoing but still will not cover all needs. ",0
2881,"During November 2016, 30 attacks on health care were recorded, including 21 health care structures and 15 ambulances. Collectively, the attacks resulted in killing of at least 42 people including 3 health workers, and wounding at least 45 people including 20 health workers. For detailed report see November report on Attacks on health care.   ",4
5197,"This section covers information about students in functional schools, a comparison was made between the number of students in two consecutive years, and increase by 21,660 students is recorded in the current version. The study also showed that school capacity fits the number of enrolled students in 96% of assessed schools. The financial and logistic reasons were the most important obstacles that prevent the correct learning for the children where lack of books and stationary ranked first among education difficulties by 20%.",2
2612,"D. R. Congo: The situation remains stable across the country with 271 cases reported at week 17, and 321 cases at week 18, from 13 Provinces. However, several localized outbreaks persist calling for continued community control efforts.",4
11295,"However with 24 barangays located in the most affected areas of Marawi City completely destroyed, as many as 60,000 of the city's residents are unable to return. The gradual restoration of utilities, services, schools and livelihood opportunties have left the displaced hesitant to return, and returnees struggling with resuming their daily lives. The Humanitarian Country Team, composed of UN agencies, international and national NGOs, continues to support government efforts to restore Marawi City as well as assist the over 311,000 persons who continue to be displaced and unable to return home. There remains to be urgent humanitarian needs for the people of Marawi City, especially with food security, protection and livelihood support.",5
1197,Around 87% of Afghan women are believed to have experienced domestic abuse at least once.,9
6984,"The Burmese military is deliberately burning ethnic Rohingya villages near the Bangladesh border, Human Rights Watch said today. Such acts of arson, after forcing residents to leave their villages, appear central to the Burmese military’s ethnic cleansing campaign against the Rohingya Muslim population in Burma’s Rakhine State.",10
4771,"The chemical attack was followed by several intense air strikes targeting Duma’s Specialised Hospital and its surrounding area, putting it out of service, as declared by the Medical Office in Duma. This was the only functioning general hospital left in Duma, providing services to about 100,000 residents.During the past 72 hours, the Syrian Red Crescent centre and additional two hospitals were also targeted in Duma.",4
2005,"Burmese army and Border Guard Police personnel took part in rape, gang rape, invasive body searches, and sexual assaults in at least nine villages in Maungdaw district between October 9 and mid-December. These horrific attacks on Rohingya women and girls by security forces add a new and brutal chapter to the Burmese militarys long and sickening history of sexual violence against women, said Priyanka Motaparthy, senior emergencies researcher. ",9
1305,"The Central Committee of Sudanese Doctors reported that more than 300 people have been infected with acute watery diarrhoea in the states Red Sea, Khartoum and El Gezira during the past few days. The doctors suspect the infections to be cholera.",4
11024,"Conflict-related sexual violence is also a serious concern. According to a recent study, 65 per cent of women and girls experienced physical and/or sexual violence in their lifetime in conflict zones of the country, of which 33 per cent experienced sexual violence from a non-partner. Therefore, women and girls, particularly in female- and child-headed households, remain most at risk, and they are most vulnerable to sexual assault while carrying out the most basic tasks for the survival of their families, such as collecting firewood and water.",9
9679,"Frozen Europe increases risks for migrantsMigrants and refugees are facing life-threatening conditions after snow and arctic cold blanketed Greece, Serbia and south-eastern Europe.  Temperatures at night have dropped below minus 20 degrees Celsius (minus 4 Fahrenheit) in some areas. Thousands of migrants are sleeping either outside, in camps or abandoned buildings. The temperatures are well below freezing inside. ",10
6976,"Nevertheless, he said, tensions between various communities continued to centre on access to land, water and other natural resources, and were exacerbated by the proliferation of arms, continued impunity for acts of intercommunal violence and ongoing skirmishes between farmers and livestock herders.",3
8215,Tahiti’s international airport has been closed as a result of the flooding and will remain so until at least Tuesday. Helicopter relief and rescue operations however have not been affected.,6
7544,"According to satellite images collected on 18 July 2017, an estimated 1,656 shelters were visible at the Hadalat border crossing of the berm. This indicates a negligible decrease of one shelter compared to the last report of 27 June. The latest data on the number of estimated shelters at the Rukban border crossing is from 26 June 2017 and was not updated in July.",10
4057,"There are also unconfirmed reports of buildings in nearby Houn and Waddan being hit, including the municipal buildings in Houn.  ",10
2045,"Protection partners report that more than 90,000 people have been directly affected by evictions between January and July 2017. Of these, more than 5,000 were evicted in Baidoa during the first week of August alone, and there are fears of more evictions particularly from privately owned land on which more than 90 per cent of the over 200,000 IDPs in Baidoa region reside. In Mogadishu, over 3,000 IDPs and the urban poor were evicted from the former national printing house in Wardhiigleey district, according to IDP leaders. In Sool region, about 1,960 drought-displaced people were forcibly relocated from areas around Ainabo town by the authorities to a settlement in Ainabo town. Additionally, 108 people were evicted from an old boarding school in Las Caanod town to allow for renovations. Forced evictions have resulted in increased disruption of humanitarian investments, loss of shelter, and increased exposure to exploitation and abuse of IDPs. The displaced people do not have alternative land for relocation and many have moved into already overcrowded settlements or are roaming the streets. Negative coping strategies have been observed, including violations of basic rights of children, notably access to education and hazardous forms of child labour. Cases of gender-based violence remain underreported due to cultural norms and possible social stigmatization of survivors. Access to support services and justice for survivors remains limited due to societal constraints and a lack of capacity of actors involved.",10
7432,"Seasonal forecasts indicate an elevated risk of irregular rainfall distribution during the beginning of the rainy season. Furthermore, in most of the eastern Dry Corridor and significant parts of the western Dry Corridor, soil conditions are dryer than usual for this time of year. These two factors could lead to a delay in the establishment of Primera season crops, or damages due to poor early season development in subsistence production areas. As the rainy season progresses, forecasts indicate a reduction in cumulative rainfall with respect to average, especially after June. This could adversely affect yields of staple crops in the Dry Corridor, for the fifth consecutive year in some instances.",3
1447,"Despite the ongoing assistance to IDPs in Kolofata, Mayo Sava department, the government has decided to relocate some 12,500 IDPs to a new site with very limited access to services. The 2,500 IDPs who have already been relocated to this site are in need of water. A similar alarming trend is also observed for the returnees including 245 children who fled the captivity of Boko Haram in Mozogo where the authorities decided to relocate them to an existing IDP site in Zamai, Mayo Tsanaga department.",11
4455," Water, food, shelter, medicine and the provision of health services are the priority needs.  Health concerns include injuries, communicable diseases and psychosocial needs.  The World Health Organization (WHO) co-chaired the first humanitarian health partner meeting within 24 hours of the earthquake, and is now coleading the Health Cluster with the National Department of Health.  WHO is working with partners to prevent and prepare for potential outbreaks of epidemic-prone diseases; strengthening surveillance, enhancing the existing public health programmes and prepositioning supplies.",1
5351,"The report said 1,178 suspected dengue patients visited government hospitals in the province during the last 24 hours and 185 of them tested positive for the mosquito-borne fever.",4
4649,From the four exit points in East Ghouta people are taken to 7 collective shelters. More shelters are being allocated by the government on a daily basis as the number of evacuees rise. Many of the collective shelters are beyond capacity and most need repairs as they were not prepared to receive this huge number of people so suddenly.,10
5862,"Domestic food availability in 2017 is estimated at 550 000 tonnes, about 3.5 percent less than in 2016 and almost 6 percent below average. The decline is essentially due to lower outputs for both maize and sorghum.",3
1743,"A HALO team surveyed the minefield - designated 006 by HALO Somalia - near Mohamed Ga’al, in northern Hirshabelle State, in September 2016. Local people drew attention to an area in which a number of accidents happened in the early 2000s.",6
4415,"There used to be no need for a well in his village, but a creeping drought is now threatening agriculture and livelihoods in the area.",5
148,"While the unemployment rate among PRL was comparable to the Lebanese rate of 8 per cent in both 2010 and 2012, it is currently 21 per cent for males and 32 per cent for females. The unemployment rate among PRS is 52.5 per cent (68 per cent of females are unemployed compared to 49 per cent of males). The challenges facing young people are even greater: 74 per cent of PRL adolescents are living in poverty, and 5 per cent in extreme poverty. ",5
862,"A record maize harvest was estimated for the 2016/27 cropping season. The Crop Forecast Survey (CFS) announced that national maize production is estimated to be 3.6 million MT, which is 27 percent above the recent five-year average. Despite the widespread fall armyworm infestation at the start of the season and delays in the distribution of government subsidized inputs, the attractive maize prices during the previous marketing season as well as the favorable rainfall supported a very good harvest this season. With moderate carryover stock, the estimated large maize supply (4.18 million MT) will be more than adequate to meet national cereal demand with an exportable surplus of about 1.18 million MT. Several other crops, including soybeans and groundnuts, also experienced a significant production increase due to attractive 2015/16 prices. Sorghum, rice, and millet production also registered an increase. ",3
1219,President Mohammad Ashraf Ghani has held a video conversation with top officials of southern Helmand province and tasked a delegation to visit the province and assess the security situation closely,9
5639,"The Governor of Kunene, Angelika Muharukua, said drought in the region is persisting and residents still depend on drought relief food for survival because their granaries are empty.But the governor said the challenge is that drought relief food takes time to reach people and while waiting they languish in hunger.",3
11254,The doctor pointed out that there is a shortage of medical cadres and blood supplies at the hospital where wounded civilians are receiving medical treatment due to the violence,4
4725,"6 July update - 200-900 individuals arriving daily (compared to 400-1,200) last week. June 2017 update - Refugee population: 1,277,476 individuals (74% of refugees are from South Sudan). Crude mortality: 0.1/10,000. Under 5 mortality: 0.3/10,000. No major outbreaks, except for the 11 districts in northern Uganda experiencing malaria outbreaks. Minimum required rates of investigating suspected meals cases attained (2.57/100,000) - 12% of cases IgM positive. 1 suspected case of bacterial meningitis reported.",3
115,"As of 6 February, over 1,000 families currently in tented settlements in three different locations. Local civil societies report the need for food, items for infants, mattresses, blankets, and hygiene kits, as well as essential health care.",3
1484,Mopolino (L’Aquila): some buildings have been damaged.,10
6010,"A recent spike at the beginning of 2017 saw over 4,500 refugees crossing the Eritrea-Ethiopia border and in urgent need of humanitarian assistance.As 150–200 refugees arrive daily at the Endabaguna screening centre, IOM will continue to work in close coordination with ARRA, UNHCR and partners to ensure refugees are supported with transport to safely reach the refugee camps.",3
595,"Overall the flood situation has improved slightly, though some rivers are still above their danger levels, according to the Flood Forecasting and Warning Centre (FFWC). In the north, northeast and central regions of Bangladesh river levels will continue receding in the Brahmaputra, the Jamuna and the Padma.  According to the Ministry of Disaster Management & Relief (MoDMR) more than 1.58 million people are now affected, as well as at least 1 571 primary and secondary schools, and 24 people have so far died in the floods.",2
7442,"Turning to Yemen, our humanitarian colleagues tell us that the Saudi?led Coalition has eased restrictions for humanitarian movements in Yemen’s national airport in Sana’a and the Hodeida and Saleef ports. On Saturday, three humanitarian flights landed and took off from Sana'a International Airport, including two UN Humanitarian Air Service passenger flights and one humanitarian air cargo flight. One of those flights delivered 1.9 million doses of diphtheria vaccines — that is enough for 600,000 children — to protect them against whooping cough, tuberculosis, pneumonia and meningitis. These vaccines will help to contain the current outbreak of diphtheria — which since August has seen more than 170 suspected cases and at least 14 deaths recorded in Ibb Governorate.  Since the beginning of the blockade three weeks ago, the first commercial cargo vessel carrying 5,500 metric tons of wheat flour was able to berth in Hodaidah port yesterday, while a UN?chartered vessel carrying 25,000 metric tons of bulk wheat berthed at Saleef port today.",1
730,"Sorghum and millet are by far the main staple foods consumed in Niger – per capita consumption is estimated between 100–200 kg per year, depending on the source. These grains constitute the main source of calories in the Nigerien diet. Self-sufficiency in sorghum and millet production depends on the progression and outcome of the main rainfed agricultural season, which extends from June to September. Approximately one in every two years results in surplus production, but deficit years are often much more severe. Furthermore, limited household and trader stocking are such that supplies are not easily retained during years of surplus production for local consumption during years of deficit",5
4533,"The severe drought and its consequences (including water scarcity, food insecurity and malnutrition) are major contributing factors to the ongoing cholera outbreak. More AWD/Cholera cases were recorded among people living in internally IDP camps due to worsening drought in Baidoa, Banadir and other districts. Response preparations for another cholera outbreak along the main rivers are ongoing since the rainy season has began and major floods are expected. Active transmission of AWD/cholera is ongoing in all districts in Banadir region, mostly in Wadajir district. ",4
3939,"Since violence escalated across Myanmar’s northern townships of Rakhine State in August last year and access to health and nutrition services dropped drastically, community volunteers have become a critical safeguard against the risk of malnutrition among children.",4
4175,"Somalia is also facing its worst measles outbreak in 4 years, with over 14 823 suspected cases reported in 2017 (as of 31 July), compared to 5000-10 000 cases per year since 2014. The situation is especially critical for millions of under-vaccinated, weak and hungry children who are more susceptible to contracting infectious diseases. More than 80% of those affected by the current outbreak are children under 10 year of age.",4
3610,"A recent inter-agency assessment has found a very high level of food insecurity in Bor town, with 85 per cent of households food insecure—44 per cent severely food insecure and 41 per cent moderately food insecure. Critical levels of malnutrition were also found, with a global acute malnutrition (GAM) rate of 25.7 per cent, and severe acute malnutrition (SAM) prevalence of 6.4 per cent.",8
9939,"sanitationFlood-prone settlements of Kabbe in Zambezi Region are at high risk of contracting waterborne diseases as the affected villagers in those settlements have no proper ablution facilities, and potable drinking water is a pipe dream.  Due to heavy flooding experienced in the Zambezi, many schools and villagers in Kabbe have been cut off, exposing people to harsh conditions, as they have to cross streams using dugout canoes, risking their lives to attacks from crocodiles lurking in the water.  Kabbe South Constituency Councillor John Likando confirmed the new development to New Era yesterday. He said the worse affected villages are Muzii, Mpukano, Namiyundu and Nankuntwe.  ",11
2713,"On 3 March 2017, Tropical storm Enawo formed in the southern Indian Ocean. As of 7 March, the tropical cyclone was moving at speeds of 10 KM / H and is accompanied by strong winds of 205 KM / H and gusts of up to 300 KM / H within a radius of 70 km around the center. The cyclone hit landfall on 7 March at around 10:30 a.m. local time. Enawo is currently equivalent to a Category 4 hurricane and is a dangerous phenomenon representing a real threat to the inhabitants of the north-east coast of Madagascar.  Enawo will move west-south-west and reach the coasts of Madagascar between Antalaha and Cap Masoala on the north-east. Enawo will subsequently move southwards across the highlands, including the capital Antananarivo. The cyclone is expected to bring a lot of rain, during its passage through the regions. A peak of rainfall is expected in the eastern slopes of Madagascar. Enawo is expected to cross the Island through the regions of SAVA, Analanjirofo, Alaotra Mangoro, Atsinanana, Analamanga, Vakinankaratra, Bongolava, Itasy, Ihombre, Amoron'i Mania, Haute Matsiatra, Vatovavy Fitovinany.According to Malagasy Red Cross, approximately 720,000 people will be affected directly and indirectly by this intense tropical cyclone. Meteo Madagascar has issued a red alert for the north east coastal areas of Madagascar, advising residents to abandon houses on water edges, store drinking water and seek shelter in a safe building.",7
1562,"The floods caused severe damage to vital infrastructure, property, livestock and crops. Security officials reported that small dams have also collapsed as a result including two in Hajjah and Amran governorates. The affected people were in urgent need for shelter, food, non-food items (NFIs), water, sanitation, hygiene (WASH), and health assistance",6
5443,1.55 million people food insecure of which 280 000 severely,3
445,"Difficulties to recruit teachers and there is a high turnover due to better offers and migrations. Financial constraints at family level to cover transportation, uniforms, books, and stationaries are negatively impacting access to education. Lack of access to education for children with disabilities remains a challenge",2
7593,"Total approx. gap for the WASH Sector: 645,200 individuals",11
2799,"More than 50 cows grace Evelyn Naisenge’s homestead in Olkiloriti Location in Kajiado Central, but her two young children take a packet milk when they return home from school.The cows are too weak to be milked, owing to the debilitating drought that has hit Kajiado County for the past eight months.The National Drought Management Authority (NDMA) has put the drought situation in the county at “alarming level”, a step away from “emergency condition”.Most of the cows at Naisenge’s homestead have been moved away in search of pasture.TOO WEAKIdeally, the cows left at home should provide milk for domestic use, but they are too weak to do so. Some are unable to stand on their own.When we visited her village, Naisenge had gone to the local church where the most affected families were receiving animal feed from the NDMA.",5
72,"Turkey’s annual inflation in March 2017 accelerated to a nine year high of 11.29%. Data from the Turkish Statistical Institute indicated double-digit increases in the prices of food, transportation, and health. With the central bank inflation target at 3-7%, this March reading was even worse than the already high forecast of 10.7%.",4
7177,"The Yemeni government forces, with airstrike support from the Saudi-led coalition, continued their push north along the Red Sea coast and have reached the port of Al Mokha. Continued airstrikes, shelling and sniper activity have put a severe burden on the civilian population. According to a statement issued by the UN humanitarian coordinator Jamie Mc Goldrick on 31 January, up to 30 000 people are trapped and in need of protection and assistance.",9
6073,"Cases of Dengue Fever have been reported in Mombasa and Wajir counties. The latest Sitrep from MOH indicates that a total of 686 cases and one death have been reported in Mombasa county, while in Wajir county, a total of 37 cases (19 confirmed) have been reported. ",4
7333,"Despite the ongoing multisector assistance, displaced persons are living in difficult conditions in unsafe shelters, exposed to increased risks facing bad weather and disease. They have little or no access to essential basic services (clean water, education, health and nutrition), thus exerting increased pressure on the few existing structures in the vicinity, which could be a source of tension between host and displaced communities.",8
548,"Since 11 May, armed confrontations between militias in Sebha have re-escalated after a temporary ceasefire. Heavy weaponry is being used in a populated area. At least 15 deaths - including three civilians - and 105 injuries have been recorded from 11 to 13 May. An additional 140 households have reportedly been displaced, bringing the total displaced population in the area since February to some 5 000 people. The closing of the main commercial road has led to dramatic price increases and shortages of fuel, gas and basic commodities.",1
4936,"Rice, millet, sorghum, and maize are the primary staple foods in Senegal. Groundnuts are both an important source of protein and a commonly grown cash crop. Imported rice is consumed daily by the vast majority of households in Senegal particularly in Dakar and Touba urban centers. Local rice is produced and consumed in the Senegal River Valley. St. Louis is a major market for the Senegal River Valley. Millet is consumed in central regions where Kaolack is the most important regional market. Maize is produced and consumed in areas around Kaolack, Tambacounda, and the Senegal River Valley. Some maize is also imported mainly from the international market. High demand for all commodities exists in and around Touba and Dakar. They are also important centers for stocking and storage during the lean season. The harvests of grains and groundnuts begin at the end of the marketing year in October; and stocks of locally produced grains are drawn down throughout the marketing year. Senegal depends more on imports from the international market for rice than from cross border trade which mainly includes cattle from Mali and Mauritania that supply Dakar and surrounding markets",3
616,Syria has seen diseases spread that are perfectly treatable and vaccine preventable. One in two children in Syria have not been vaccinated against serious preventable diseases. The skin disease Leishmaniasis has broken out caused by the sand fly that prospers in uncollected rubbish.,4
11882,"'If the cholera crisis isn’t brought under control by the start of the next rainy season in July, we could see deaths in the thousands rather than hundreds,' said Carolyn Miles, President & CEO of Save the Children. 'Children whose bodies have been weakened by malnutrition are the most vulnerable to cholera/AWD and there are 2.2 million malnourished children in Yemen.",4
3108,"WHO had predicted that it expected 150,000 cases as part of this epidemic, but if transmission went on at this speed the figure would need to be revised to over 200,000 – 250,000 over the next six months, in addition to the 50,000 cases which had already occurred.",4
8983,"• No functioning formal schools were reported and most children did not have access to informal learning opportunities, contributing to the reportedly large proportion of children working (estimated at 46%). In terms of protection, females were particularly vulnerable to protection incidents and risks.",2
10614,"The war-ravaged Syrian city of Raqqa lies in ruins after it was captured from ISIS last week. Though the fighting may be over, the lack of food, power and water — as well as lingering threats of violence — could prevent residents from returning for months or years.",3
1078,"MAA is helping to address the humanitarian crisis by providing essential aid to those currently displaced in Myanmar and Bangladesh. As part of our response to this emergency crisis, MAA is distributing Rice, Beans, Sugar, Milk Powder, Blankets, Utensils and Hygiene Packs to thousands of families in the most affected areas.",3
8688,"As a security measure, it is reported that sponsorship is granted for IDPs to relocate to rural village areas but not to urban locations such as Tell Abiad, Ein Arous and Kobane towns. IDPs relocated to these villages have seen their identity documents confiscated at check-points if they need to travel to above-mentioned towns. Restrictions on freedom of movement, as shown by the situation in Mabrouka and Ein Issa, continue to be of concern. Some 3,500 families had reportedly been using their cars as shelter outside Ein Issa camp waiting for the authorities to return their identity documents. Communication devices are confiscated upon entry to Mabrouka camp.",9
5429,"Kenya: Challenges Uganda: Challenges -Weak coordination between MOH national level and counties on cholera response -Weak disease outbreak response capacity at the county level and shortage of cholera RDTs in some counties -Limited funding at county level for prompt response -Weak enforcement of the Public Health Act -Zero vaccination coverage against cholera in Kenya -Limited capacity of some county laboratories to carry out confirmatory tests and hence have to ship specimens to the National Public Health laboratory and KEMRI -Water supplies in rural areas and informal settlements exhibit low levels of functionality. Across Kenya almost one-quarter (23%) of the population lack access to a water supply system, and depend on open water sources (rivers, ponds, irrigation canals) for their drinking water e.g. in Turkana County, 34% of rural households depend on open water sources. -Nationally, 12% of the population practice open defecation (15% in rural areas, 3% in urban areas). In the ASAL counties the problem of open defecation is even more serious e.g. in Turkana County, 90% of the rural population practice open defecation. -Across Kenya only 30% of the population have access to basic sanitation. -Inadequate utilization of IEC materials and slow adaptation and sustaining of new behaviors.",4
11492,"A low-pressure system in Mozambique channel evolved on 16 January to tropical depression stage and is resulting in heavy rains in the northern parts of the country. As of 17 January, more than 22,100 people have already been affected by heavy rains in Nampula province. One death has been reported. Mozambique Island, Mossuril, Nacaroa district are without electricity. Several schools and health facilities, and nearly 4,300 houses have been damaged in the districts of Mossuril, Monapo, Mozambique Island and Meconta , according to local authorities and humanitarian partners. At least three road sections in Monapo, Mossuril and Meconta distriscts are impassable. In Mozambique island, 250 people are isolated in Sangane community.",10
1629,"The Kenya Meat Commission, supported by the government, has started to buy up animals that fail the market standards but the commission has yet to reach Dagahley market. ",5
8631," Al -Shabaab , Ah l al -Sunna wa l -Jama ‘a and the Soma li  Na tiona l Army are l isted fo r ch ild rec ru itmen t and use. The Soma l i Na t iona l Army  is lis ted fo r k i ll ing and ma im ing and Al -Shabaab fo r the k i ll ing and ma im ing as we ll  as abduc tion o f ch i ldren . ",9
11838,"Current Food Security Following late and below-average March – May 2017 long rains across most of the country, there has been a steady decline in household food security, especially in most of the pastoral and marginal agricultural areas. The marginal agricultural areas experienced below-average crop production, with crop failure in some areas of the southeast. As a result, the majority of households in these areas have depleted their food stocks early, leaving them dependent on high priced staple foods from the market. In most of the pastoral areas, like, Mandera, Wajir, Isiolo, Garissa, Tana River, and parts of Marsabit, forage and water resources steadily declined before the start of the October – December short rains, negatively affecting livestock body conditions and, consequently, meat and milk productivity. Below-average livestock prices have kept purchasing power low, amidst high staple food prices, reducing food access and consumption. Low food and milk consumption have resulted in atypically high malnutrition rates, especially among children under five years of age. The majority of the food insecure population resides in the arid and semiarid counties that have experienced low livestock productivity, crop failure, high staple food prices, and low livestock terms of trade. Currently, FEWS NET expects acute food insecurity needs to peak in October before the short rains are expected to bring about much needed improvements across most areas, with more modest improvements in the northeast.",3
9276,"In addition, even though 10% of Palestine refugees in Lebanon have an intellectual or physical disability, Palestine refugee children with disabilities are not entitled to government services and UNRWA only has a limited package of services targeting persons with disabilities.",9
7682,Children also said they did not have access to adequate food while on the journey. ,3
11384,"Health care services in the four soums assessed are struggling in the current dzud. Two of the soum health centres (Ulziit and Erdenemandal) are generally warm and in a reasonable condition, but the other two are experiencing heating problems.",4
11580,"Haidari said that due to heavy snow storms and avalanches there is a high possibility of more avalanches, but that efforts are underway to deliver humanitarian aid to those in need.",10
8121,"Pweto territory: some 23,000 children who have missed the first two months of the new school year due to persistent insecurity. Since September, 71 primary schools, representing 33 per cent of 209 schools in Dubie villages, Kyona Nzini, Lukonzolwa and Mutabi, have not opened. The schools are occupied by the displaced or have been destroyed during the inter-communal clashes in recent months. Some schools are occupied by the military, operating in the area.",2
1802,"The Supreme Court of Gambia cannot rule on President Yahya Jammeh's challenge against his electoral defeat until May, according to its chief justice. ",9
6196,"Education: children at 89 per cent of locations could access a moktab or madarasa which were on site less than 30 minutes away at over half of all locations. While 67 per cent of locations reported access to non-formal educational, this access was deemed to be limited for adolescent girls at 58 per cent of locations. While the reasons were most of the time not clearly stated, many locations explained this barrier as being social norms (28%) an safety concerns (18%). Fifty per cent of locations additionally reported barriers to access education for boys, which were mainly due to the fact they these were engaged in other livelihood activities (34% of locations).",2
3660,"Six people have been killed and four others wounded when the roof of a room collapsed in the Rodat district of eastern Nangarhar province, an official said on Monday.",10
10288,"The already precarious humanitarian and security situation in the country has deteriorated over the past year, worsening even further since the start of 2018. There are currently an estimated 687,400 internally displaced persons, up from 440,000 in 2017, including more than 357,400 children who lost access to education, health and protection services.",4
9645,"Michelle Sanson’s deployment is funded by the Australian Government which is also supporting key deployments in child protection, refugee camp management and logistics.",1
4770,"Before the hurricane, humanitarian needs throughout the country were already quite significant, notably due to the cholera epidemic, the El-Niño-induced drought, the bi-national migration crisis, and the internally displaced persons (IDPs) following the 2010 earthquake.",0
4332,"Conflict between people and wildlife was reported by three counties: Baringo, Laikipia and Taita Taveta, while flash flooding in Riwo ward of West Pokot destroyed crops and killed livestock.",0
4860,"Cholera outbreak was officially declared in Dadaab on the 2nd April 2017 after a ten years old boy tested positive for cholera. Since then, a total of 55 cholera cases were reported. 15 reported cases tested positive for cholera.",4
6600,"Another agriculture structure in the community of Ad Dawa (Nablus) was also destroyed after being hit by a tank shell during a military training exercise, impacting the livelihoods of nearly 100 people. The community is located in an Israeli-declared ‘firing zone’. In recent years, the residents have abandoned their dwellings in this community, primarily due to settler violence and intimidation, and are accessing it only for farming.",0
6084,"Th e upcoming rainy seasons, even if performing below-average, are crucial for the rural communities who need to utilize the rainy seasons to improve livestock body condition and maximize food production in the short-term and reduce further asset losses. Another season of poor rainfall performance will limit pasture generation and water availability, reduce rainfed crop harvests, and exacerbate already high levels of acute food insecurity.25 Th e impact of prolonged drought has been severe for communities and their livelihoods, both pastoralists and agricultural, and requires several seasons to improve. In pastoral areas aff ected by protracted drought, livestock losses have been signifi cant, livestock production and reproduction have declined sharply. Th e remaining herds require enough pasture and water following a ‘normal’ rainy season to enable signifi cant strengthening, and to be fi t enough to reproduce off spring during this time, if properly supported. Economic improvement and stabilization at the household level will probably take over one year, until early 2019 at a minimum, due to livestock gestation periods and depending the size of the livestock losses. Th e estimates indicate that the households that have lost about half of their herd, it will take from six months to two years to fully recover and be fi nancially secure again.26",5
2792,2.7 MILLION*** PEOPLE IN NEED OF HEALTH SERVICES   18 497 ***** # INJURED   1.5 MILLION* PEOPLE AFFECTED   919 143 ** # DISPLACED FROM MOSUL  ,4
11845,"Famine (IPC Phase 5) is likely ongoing in Leer. Large-scale humanitarian assistance was delivered in March and April and is helping moderate food consumption gaps among recipients. Additional information on food security or nutrition outcomes, though, is not yet available. Large-scale humanitarian assistance continues to likely reach the majority of the population in need in Mayendit and Panyijiar. A recent SMART survey conducted in March in Panyijiar recorded a GAM (WHZ) of 16.0 percent (10.0-19.7), on the low end of the threshold indicative of Emergency (IPC Phase 4), and a non-trauma Crude Death Rate (CDR) of 0.57, on the low end of the threshold indicative of Crisis (IPC Phase 3). With ongoing humanitarian assistance, it is expected that Panyijiar is in Crisis (IPC Phase 3!). Households of greatest concern, including recently arrived IDPs and those displaced away from humanitarian assistance distributions, remain in Emergency (IPC Phase 4), though. In Mayendit, where SMART survey results from January/February found a GAM prevalence of 27.3 percent, Emergency (IPC Phase 4!) outcomes likely persist. Similarly, large-scale humanitarian assistance since February has reached the majority of the need in Koch. Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes likely persist in Koch, but an elevated risk of Famine (IPC Phase 5) remains.",3
4365,"57,192 families or 238,068 persons are affected in 517 barangays in Regions MIMAROPA, VI, VII, VIII, and CARAGA (see Table 1; Annex A for details)A total of 844 families or 3,771 persons are currently staying inside 19 evacuation centers in Regions MIMAROPA, VII, and CARAGA (see Table 2; Annex B for details).There are 6,325 families or 29,680 persons staying with families/friends in Regions MIMAROPA and CARAGA (see Table 3).At present, there is a total of 1,279 damaged houses; of which, 284 houses are totally damaged and 995 are partially damaged in Regions VI, VIII, and CARAGA, due to TS Basyang (see Table 4).",10
7375,"Damage to major community water systems has been reported in Garissa, Makueni and Isiolo counties, while shallow wells have been contaminated in Tana River, Kilifi, and Garissa, as latrines have collapsed or flooded. ",11
2578,Thousands of houses in the Rohingya refugee camps have been destroyed as a severe cyclonic storm battered Bangladesh’s coastal areas.,10
5018,"Destruction of property and livelihood assets: Approximately 100 houses were burned in Marka and surrounding villages, in addition to looting and killing of livestock. Kidnapping and abductions: Between 21-23 May, around 70 individuals, were reported to have been abducted in the region, including 10 children from a public school in Canbanane, Marka district . This number is expected to increase with new checkpoints being set up and intensified raids on villages in the region, particular ly in Canbanane, Janale and Gendawe (Marka district), Mubarak (Aw Dhegle district), and Km 50 (Afgoye district). ",5
9037,"However, some schools in Marakwet and Pokot highlands including Kamelei, Kamelei B, Kipsitona and Kalya Primary schools remained closed on Wednesday after cattle rustling incidents on Monday and Tuesday. ",2
1235,"Difficult access through Erez crossing ? 40% of patients were denied/delayed permits: Of 2,391 patient applications for a permit to exit Gaza through Erez checkpoint for hospital appointments in February, 1,431 (59.85%) were approved; 74 patients (3.09%) were denied permits while 886 (37.06%) received no response including 192 children and 77 people over 60 years (WHO Case Studies, p. 4) (Palestinian District Liaison office in Gaza). ? About half of patients’ companions were denied/ delayed permits: The approval rate for permit applications of patient companions was 50.4%; 4.5% of the companions were denied permits and the remaining 45.1% were still pending by the patients’ scheduled hospital dates. ? Security interrogations for patients: 35 patients (25 males; 10 females) including 3 men over 60 were requested by the General Security Services for interviews at Erez during February. 6 were approved. Limited access through Rafah ? Limited access to Egypt: According to Palestinian officials at Rafah terminal, the Rafah border terminal was open in both directions for 3 days only in February allowing 280 patients to travel for health reasons to Egypt",4
8856," Since January, some 40,500 under 5 children have been treated for severe acute malnutrition, including 5,000 with medical complications, and around 36,700 children with moderate acute malnutrition received therapeutic treatment. The figures are slightly lower than those recorded in the same period in 2017. Across the country an estimated 380,000 children are suffering from severe acute malnutrition and nearly 500,000 are moderately malnourished. ",8
7277,Older persons with disabilities lack functional autonomy and access to basic health and social services,4
11165,"Jiddumuri Community -Education -Nearly all children are unable to access education services. There are no public schools in the community and families are unable to afford transport to formal schools located elsewhere. For most, the only accessible education is an informal Islamic School, but still not all children attend",2
1481,"Persistent insecurity has disrupted agricultural and pastoral activities - which are the main sources of employment, income and food for a majority of the population – and humanitarian needs are expected to continue to increase. ",5
9003,"Recent rains have increased the risk of cholera / acute watery diarrhea (AWD) spreading as people collect unsafe water • A cholera/AWD outbreak across the region has already affected more than 67,000 people • Children are at the biggest risk of contracting cholera/AWD as they have weaker immune systems • The hunger crisis further increases children’s risk of contracting cholera/AWD as lack of nutritious food further weakens children’s ability to fight diseases ",3
3123,"“Lack of safe drinking water is the main factor which has caused the cholera outbreak at Sekeni and Allan Villages around Nchalo Trading Centre in the area of Chief Lundu,” said the PRO.",11
5182,"In the east of the governorate, Hamrat and Karama, which started as selfsettled informal settlements, are very hard to access and services are extremely limited.",1
6075,"According to the latest “Cadre Harmonisé” (Harmonized Framework) analysis, between October and December 2017, about 379 000 people were estimated to be in Phase 3: “Crisis” and above. Although this figure accounts for less than 1 percent of the total population, it reflects a substantial increase from the caseload of about 119 000 people a year earlier.",3
2994,"The IS affiliated group Sinai Province released on Tuesday photos of five civilians they decapitated and another they killed by shooting, all of them residents of North Sinai’s Al-Arish. Two of the victims were children and three elderly men, with the six kidnapped five days ago from Al-Arish. Sinai Province accused the victims of working as informants for security apparatuses.",9
11881,"As people continue to flee their homes, the number of sites may continue to grow. Living conditions in the IDP settlements and urban centres continue to deteriorate, with displaced people unable to meet their basic needs due to inconsistent service provision or exclusion from accessing these services. The lack of access to basic services contributes to public health risks, preventable deaths and increased gender-based violence, especially for women and girls. The IDPs have limited livelihood and coping options, exacerbated by ongoing drought-induced displacements. As a result, FSNAU reported that food security and nutrition outcomes across most of the 13 main settlements surveyed between June and July had deteriorated.",8
7728,"Protection needs, particularly in recently accessible areas, remain severe, especially for vulnerable groups including women and children. Civilians face grave human rights violations and human rights abuses including death, injury, sexual and gender-based violence, arbitrary detention, disappearances, and forced displacement. IDP sites are frequent targets for attacks by Boko Haram.",9
3222,"“Let me ask the relevant authorities to stop informal and unplanned settlements, poor construction and limited drainage systems. The flooding in Lilongwe is associated with these factors,” he revealed.",10
2114,"Over 26,500 job-seekers — who were staying in Saudi Arabia either without valid documents or overstayed their visas with a hope to get another job — are slated to return home under a 90-day amnesty scheme announced by the kingdom in April. ",9
7269,"humanitarian needs requiring urgent response are: 1) repairing household shelter for the most vulnerable; 2) providing livelihood supports to households adversely impacted by the cyclone; 3) ensuring the provision of health services and the restoration of health infrastructures, and 4) restoring the education infrastructures for the resumption of education services.",10
2628,"From 1 January to 30 April, 76 security incidents affecting humanitarians were recorded in this part of the country against 42 at the same period in 2017.Vehicle robberies account for 25 per cent of incidents reported since the beginning of the year. In addition, the proliferation of landmines and improvised explosive devices poses a permanent threat and a constraint to humanitarian access with the risk of significant harm to civilians. Access to basic social services already very limited is made more difficult by attacks targeting schools and health facilities. In April, unidentified gunmen burned a school in the Mopti region and another school and health center in the Koulikoro region. The majority of incidents are reported in the Timbuktu region, followed by Gao and Kidal.",9
55,"The federal health authorities continue to deny the presence of cholera.It [cholera] seems a stigma for the government. However raising the awareness among communities about preventing cholera is crucial to containing a cholera outbreak,” a UK-based Sudanese specialist told Radio Dabanga in January. He said he fears that the current situation will turn into a long-lasting outbreak.",4
5852,"Soldiers also raided the village of Bidu, and there too, clashes including stone-throwing erupted, with the soldiers responding with rubber-coated metal bullets, tear gas and stun grenades. School was canceled in Bidu as well as a result of these incidents. Soldiers took over eight rooftops in the village, having turned out the residents, and confiscated 25 vehicles. Yesterday in the early afternoon, the military set up a manned roadblock near the village, with soldiers denying passage to anyone under forty, and anyone who is not a resident of the village.",9
9668," Reports that are coming from the monitors are to the effect that unplastered houses and Blair toilets are collapsing in areas such as Rimbi, Muumbe, Zamchiya, Mabee and Chinyamukwakwa.",11
5377,Goraya believes he was detained because he ran a satirical Facebook page critical of the influence of the Pakistani military in the country's political system.  The page has also criticised military policy in Pakistan's restive Balochistan province. Goraya strongly denies breaking any laws. ,9
3973,"Protection needs are high, in particular for the returnees and deported people from the Dominican Republic, the people affected by Hurricane Matthew - including the 175,000 people who took refuge in collective centres - and the 55,100 IDPs since the 2010 earthquake. These populations lack access to basic services, including to safe water and sanitation. Children, elderly, women and singleheaded households are particularly exposed to abuse, exploitation and violence, including sexual and genderbased violence. ",1
336,"In Badin, a bout of heavy started Wednesday afternoon, creating problems for people living in Tando Bago, Talhar, Khoski, Pangrio, Malkani Sharif, Matli, Tando Ghulam Ali, Shadi Large, Golarchi, Nindo Shahar, Kadhan, Kario Ghanwar, Khorwah and other areas.   Low-lying areas were inundated by the rainwater and power remained suspended in the areas for many hours, locals reported.  Telecommunication services, including internet connections, were also shaky due to rains, while several crops — including ready-for-harvest rice — also sustained sustained significant losses.",7
6318,"4 out of 10 Syrian families are food insecure, meaning they do not have enough food for an adequate diet, with an additional 26 per cent vulnerable to becoming food insecure;",3
1362,"In 2017, the food security situation in South Sudan is expected to deteriorate to unprecedented levels – the risk of famine is real for thousands of people in conflict-affected communities and in structurally food deficit areas, against a background of widespread market failure.4.9 million expected severely food insecure. Famine is becoming an increasingly real possibility for some of South Sudan’s most vulnerable communitiesin 2017, as signalled by the rising number of households in Stressed, Emergency and Catastrophe food security. Three years of conflict have severely undermined crop production and rural livelihoods, particularly in Greater Upper Nile. The upsurge in violence since July 2016 has further devastated food production in previously stable areas of Greater Equatoria region, which includes the country’s main cereal producing areas, and Western Bahr el Ghazal. Northern areas of the country in particular are facing an increased risk of famine during the lean season. The country’s economy is collapsing as soaring inflation – up to 800 percent year-on-year – and market failure has particularly hit areas that traditionally rely on markets to meet food needs. Urban populations are struggling to cope with massive price rises on basic food items. An estimated 400 000 severely food insecure people reside in the urban areas of Juba, Wau and Aweil. Food insecurity and malnutrition have reached deeply worrying levels, with nutrition expected to deteriorate to ‘critical’ levels (World Health Organization classification) during the lean season (February to May 2017) as food stocks are depleted and prices are likely to peak, leaving households struggling to purchase enough food. Fighting and banditry along key transport routes are disrupting essential food supplies to markets and restricting humanitarian access to some of those most in need. Continued violence is exacerbating the deepening economic crisis, pointing to unprecedented levels of food insecurity in 2017. Insecurity prevented farmers from reaching their fields during 2016’s main cropping season, with about half of harvests lost and farmers unable to plant for a second consecutive season in some high productive areas. Displacement has had a considerable impact on food production, with arable land left fallow or crops untended. At the same time, the costs and challenges facing the humanitarian response are rising significantly. In 2017, a major humanitarian crisis is expected asthe main underlying causes of the present situation remain, including continued disruption of markets due to insecurity, local currency depreciation, inflation, soaring food prices, ongoing large-scale population displacement, a widening food deficit, lack of job/income opportunities and collapse of the public services. At the same time, the humanitarian space is being squeezed by lack of physical access, insecurity and bureaucratic impediments, impacting the overall humanitarian delivery capacity",3
7199,"• The WASH sector faces challenges related to a lack of funds, particularly a significant funding gap during the reporting period. CERF funds, which remain the main source of funding, were received in March 2017. Consequently, some necessary WASH interventions could not be provided to the affected population, specially in the area of safe water supply and sanitation.  • The main water and wastewater system in Libya is facing issues related to the ongoing conflict and lack of funding available to support the continuation of the essential operation and maintenance.",11
1987,Hundreds of people have reportedly been infected with Hepatitis B in Blue Nile state’s Geissan.At least 400 people have been infected with hepatitis B in Village 10 in Geissan locality in the south-east of Blue Nile state. ,4
11660,"There are currently 320 000 refugees in Tanzania, more than 240 000 from Burundi. Since May 2017, due to decreased assistance, food rations have been reduced, reaching only 60 % of the 2 100 required kilocalories a day in September.Reduced kilocalories and nutrition intake would result in acute malnutrition and increased vulnerability to disease, particularly among the most vulnerable.",8
4984,"n Turkey, asylum seekers from countries other than Syria are required to live in assigned cities, and are restricted from moving elsewhere even if there are few job opportunities and limited aid where they are assigned. Asylum seekers who stay in their assigned city may face poverty-related barriers to education, with parents unable to meet associated costs or feeling they have little choice but to send their children to work rather than school. Those who move in search of work lose their legal status, without which they cannot enroll their children in school.",9
10420,"Sudanese ministry of health Thursday confirmed the death of 16 people with Acute Watery Diarrhoea (AWD) in the White Nile State on the border with the South Sudan.on Thursday, the White Nile Ministry of Health Secretary General, Babiker al-Magboul, presented a detailed report about the outbreak that has emerged since the 8th April. Al-Magboul confirmed that there are 973 AWD cases, including 16 deaths",4
3228,"UNHCR has noted an increase in the number of cash-based interventions requests. Apparently in some cases, as inflation has severely affected their savings. There are not many requests for shelter. ? UNHCR has observed cases of Venezuelans that have left their country exclusively because they had no access to medicine or specialized medical services. COMAR (the Mexican Commission for the support of Refugees) does not have a clear response with regard to such vulnerable cases and they are not covered by the public health system beyond 90 days. ? Venezuelan people of concern have expressed interest in receiving psychosocial support. ? UNHCR has observed solid support networks in Mexico City. The Venezuelan community has access to extensive information on social media networks about support alternatives in Mexico City, including access to our partner PCR. ? Through the mass information platform El Jaguar, UNHCR has observed increased interest for revalidation of qualifications. UNHCR provides guidance and follow-up with national institutions in close collaboration with its local partner in Mexico City, PCR.",4
4657,"The total number of suspected cholera cases reported in Kukawa LGA since the inception of the outbreak is 671. The number of cases reported in Kukawa LGA between the 11th and 17 th of April 2018 was 13, eight of which were from Baga and five from Doro ward (Figs 2c and 2d). No case reported from Kukawa ward in over a month (Fig 2e). The number of cases reported for epi-week 15 (ending 15th April 2018) shows over two fold increase compared to the number of cases reported the previous week (Fig 2b)",4
5753,"UNICEF and all other humanitarian organizations operating from Cox’s Bazar are required to provide daily updates to keep district authorities informed. At sub-national level, UNICEF continues to lead coordination in the nutrition sector and child protection sub-sector and co-lead the education sector with Save the Children. UNICEF also co-leads the WASH sector along with Action against Hunger (ACF). It is important to note that the cluster system has not been officially activated.",1
2552,"Th e economic blockade and ‘nationalization’ of Ukrainian companies in NGCA by de facto authorities have led to increasing prices and loss of livelihoods for many families in NGCA. Th ey are increasingly dependent on humanitarian assistance as well as social payments and pensions as the only source of support. As the shrinking humanitarian space in NGCA does not allow protection actors to increase programme outreach, people are forced to travel from NGCA to GCA in order to obtain assistance. As a result, the number of crossings at checkpoints increased by 32 per cent compared to 2016.",9
9751,"UNHCR has spoken to 622 survivors of sexual and gender-based violence on the Aegean islands, 28 per cent of whom experienced the incidents after their arrival in Greece. Based on these testimonies, the organisation reported that the situation is particularly worrying in the Reception and Identification Centres of Moria (Lesvos) and Vathy (Samos), where refugee women avoid bathroom and latrine areas for fear of being attacked. UNHCR further described how overcrowding made it extremely difficult for staff to identify and help survivors of sexual violence, due to the lack of privacy when conducting examinations and assessments.",9
1510,"The rainy season continues; during the weekend, several areas were flooded and some shelters, as well as the relocation spot at Old Skool had some tents flooded and people moving into buildings. Concern was raised that tents are inadequate given the current rainy season, call for alternatives to tents as well as long-term housing solutions",10
5777,"Since 14 January, an estimated 1.8 million people in Aleppo city and rural eastern Aleppo (mainly Manbij and Al- Bab) remain cut off from their main source of water due to a technical issue at the Al Khafseh water station which  ",11
8040,"A significant increase in suspected diphtheria cases has recently been reported in Yemen between epidemiological week no 33 and 44. A total number of 118 suspected cases including 10 deaths (CFR: 8.5%), were reported in 10 governorates of the country. Majority of these cases– about 103 were reported from Ibb governorate, including 9 associated deaths (CFR: 8.7%).",4
1696,"Rooms were small, dirty and jam-packed with mattresses. As we entered the hall, there was a putrid stench. We walked through puddles of urine. There were no showers, the toilets didn’t flush and the women had to relieve themselves in buckets. They used a little of their drinking water to wash. They were utterly desperate and begged me to help them get back to Nigeria. When I told them I was a doctor, they didn’t believe me to start with but then they accepted the treatment we offered them. Their average age was 22 and almost all of them (93%) had health issues. Many had scabies (58%), which we gave them prescriptions for, and some various aches and pains (48%). Other non-specific ailments were due to emotional trauma — or at least, that’s what we deduced from the stories they told us about their flight and from their almost palpable fear. When I asked them if they thought they would try to get to Europe again, they replied, horrified, “Never again!”",10
5652,"This flood caused huge damage to crop production. Potential loss of crops is estimated to be 879,360 MT.",3
4099,"30,000 targeted refugees 28,678 refugees received WFP food assistance 3,433 girls receiving take-home entitlements",3
4130,"The Department of Education (DepEd) estimated that around P2 billion is needed to rebuild 29 schools in Marawi City that were completely damaged by the war. Education Secretary Leonor Briones said on Thursday, November 16, that another 47 schools need major repairs in the war-stricken city.For now, DepEd is building temporary learning spaces so students in Marawi City can go back to school.",2
3984,"Food aid and ending the war alone will not prevent malnutrition and famine; Yemenis have gone without salaries for months, especially in Houthi areas, due to mismanaged bureaucracy.",5
7567,"Measles: This outbreak is ongoing since the beginning of 2017. As of week 8 in 2018, a total of 48 326 cases including 563 deaths (CFR 1.2%) have been reported since the start of the outbreak. In 2018 only, 3 404 cases including 30 deaths (0.9%), were reported.",4
11878,"The 2018 HNO indicates that 1 million people, more than half children, are in urgent need of water and sanitation. The increasing movements of population have had significant consequences on the WASH infrastructure whose capacity is already over-stretched and could face frequent breakdowns which coupled with the current water scarcity is leading to more communicable diseases.",11
7776,"n Ethiopia, 37,989 AWD cases were reported across the country till August 2017, and 90 per cent AWD cases are in Somali region, mostly in Doolo, Jarar and Korahey zones.",4
8743,"Livelihoods and access to basic social services have been affected by the conflict, exposing the most vulnerable people to high risk of inadequate food consumption. This often results in people using negative coping strategies, such as spending savings, cutting the number of daily meals and reducing non-food related expenses, particularly in health and education.",3
5800,The cumulative cases of cholera reported from January-July 2017 is 76 236 including 1 157 associated deaths with a case fatality rate of 1.5%.,4
2343,"The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights documented during the 46th and 47th months of the declaration of “Caliphate State” by the “Islamic State” organization; that the organization carried out 23 execution operations in the Syrian territory, where the executions were carried out in Damascus, Daraa, Homs and Deir Ezzor, during the period from March 29th, 2018 to March 29th, 2018.",9
789,"The lack of electricity has been devastating for basic services. Power outages of 18 to 20 hours a day continue; most of the population has access to piped water for only 3-5 hours every five days; untreated sewage continues to flow into the Mediterranean Sea at catastrophic levels; 45 per cent of essential drugs and medical supplies have now reached zero stock in Gaza. Only the most critical health, water and sanitation facilities are functioning thanks to donor-funded emergency fuel distributed by the United Nations.",4
3409,"girl prostitution are common in the camp.They approximated that between 30-40 percent of girls in the camp engage in sex in exchange for cash and other things.They reported that he girls tend to go out with Ethiopian men as “the Ethiopians are the ones with money in the camp.”   According to the young men and women, all the nationalities engage in prostitution although Rwandese girls are in the majority.   Participants noted that the girls engage in prostitution in order to be able to afford to purchase things like quality clothes and phones",9
10286,"Three consecutive years of reduced harvests, compounded by access constraints due to market disruptions and declining purchasing power, resulted in an alarming food security situation across the country. Most households are facing serious food access constraints. In addition, not only the quantity of food intake is reduced but the dietary diversity is also drastically diminished by the substitution of more nutritious cereal and vegetable staples with cassava and the sharp reduction of animal proteins intake. This widespread dietary deterioration raises serious concerns of having a dire effect in terms of nutrition and health. According to the latest Integrated Food Security Phase Classification (IPC), valid for the period from February to May 2017, about 1.1 million people (30 percent of the total population) were in need of urgent assistance (IPC Phase 3: “Crisis” and IPC Phase 4: “Emergency”). Eight out of fifteen prefectures are in IPC Phase 3: “Crisis”.",8
11084,"As of Monday afternoon, 63 bodies and 27 injured people were retrieved from the snow. There were 70 homes in the village, where 500 people lived. He said 400 people were still buried under the snow.",10
8476,"According to the media office, Ghat is undergoing an acute shortage of fuel, water supplies, and cooking gas amid the current wave of bitter cold weather that is sweeping through the country. ",7
9452,"The political administration of Mohmand Agency has ordered unregistered Afghan refugees, mostly living in Ekkaghund subdivision, to leave the tribal region within six days.  An official told this scribe that they issued a written notice was issued to all the unregistered Afghan refugees to leave the area within six days. He said that strict action would be taken against those Afghans, who would not follow the notification.",9
550,"Angola is seeing a reduction in cases in the far North but cases occurring in the capital, Luanda are a concerning trend.",4
4825,"Attacks on Media, Human Rights Defenders, and Political OppositionTargeted attacks on media, including harassment, and intimidation by federal and regional authorities and the Al-Shabab continue. ",9
11925,"The country has the highest proportion of out of school children in the world, with more than 70% of children not receiving an education.",2
8153,"RSF said that it had also registered many cases of disappearances, abduction and torture, especially this year, adding that in most of those cases, the terrorized victims or their families did not want to be identified. Libya is ranked 163rd out of 180 countries in RSF’s 2017 World Press Freedom Index, the report adds.",9
7381,"On 16 August, in Kobar (Ramallah), Israeli forces punitively destroyed the family home of the Palestinian perpetrator of the 21 July 2017 attack in Halamish settlement, during which three Israelis were killed; nine people, including three children, were displaced as a result. An apartment in the same building was also damaged during the operation, and 24 Palestinians, including two children, were injured by Israeli forces in clashes during the demolition. Since the beginning of 2017, the Israeli authorities have demolished or sealed six homes on punitive grounds, displacing a total of 33 people.",10
6616,"The prolonged drought worries Guantanamo more today than the strong and intense precipitations forecast for the mountains of Granma, Santiago de Cuba and this province, and at least in this eastern extreme territory until today shine by your absence.Contrary to what was announced, humidity prevailed discreetly on the flat part of Guantánamo, and in particular the driest part of the country: the southern coastal strip, extended from the Loma de la Gobernadora (in the boundaries of the municipality and San Antonio del Sur) , To Maisí.All belong to the Guantanamo coast and to the only semi-arid region of the archipelago, but in Caimanera (also located in it) and Imías, located in the central part, fell in the average stage of 90 and 65 millimeters (mm), respectively, in Niceto Pérez rains were more discreet. Raul del Olmo Juan, specialist of the Provincial Meteorological Center (CPM) explained to ACN that the current humidity is insufficient to raise the volume of the reservoirs of the territory, although the little that is reported in Niceto Pérez, where the La Yaya dam, Could contribute to its failure to return to the so-called dead volume.To increase the level of this reservoir is also necessary to rain in the neighboring municipality of Songo-La Maya, where the Guantanamo River is born, source of supply of the largest Guantanamera dam, currently 20 percent filling. However, in the municipality of San Antonio del Sur, where the largest horticultural emporium resides and several of its rain gauges, they registered 32 mm. That average rain fell where it should and made it possible to transfer during the next 24 hours 47 thousand cubic meters from the Sabanalamar River to the Pozo Azul reservoir, currently at 89 percent capacity, with more than 13 million cubic meters in its glass and Water reserves for one year",11
60,"Despite the overall improvement of the food security situation recorded since 2015, the situation remains serious in the pastoralist areas of Dikhil, North Obock and Ali-Sabieh regions, which are bordering countries that are affected by famine crisis. In these areas, the food insecurity rate has deteriorated and reached 60 per cent in 2016 compared to 55 per cent in 2015. This worsening situation is the consequence of chronic drought, which started in 2008 and has intensified due to climate change and the effects of El Niño’ phenomenon, in addition to the decrease in the monthly average of rainfall over the past seven years (67 mm in 2008 to 43.2 mm in 2014).",3
5915,"On the other hand, the AWD outbreak situation continues to improve. During week 27 (week ending 9 July 2017), 275 new AWD cases were reported from the three regions of Somali (149), Oromia (68) and Amhara (58). Since the beginning of 2017, 38,715 cases including 797 deaths (case fatality rate 2.1%) have been reported from the seven regions of Somali, Oromia, Amhara, Afar, SNNP, Tigray, and Benshangul Gumuz. Eighty-eight percent of the cases and 94% of the deaths were reported in Somali Region alone. ",4
1013,"Since 2006, UNIFIL deminers, working closely with UNMAS, have cleared 4,678,997 square metre of cluster strike areas along with 104,901 square metre of areas contaminated with landmines in the AO. Moreover, 35,785 explosive devices have been destroyed during clearance operations.",9
1596,"In Ed Daein, capital of East Darfur, residents reported to Radio Dabanga the exacerbation of drinking water crisis, which has lasted for more than a month to include all the districts this week. A caller reported that the network stopped pumping water into the districts prompting people to fetch drinking water through tanks from crowded water engines.The price of a barrel of water has amounted to SDG 40 (*$1.42) at El Neem camp for displaced people in Ed Daein.",11
2311,"The SETSAN IPC projection of acute malnutrition for the May to September period indicates an increased likelihood for improvements, in which Chiure District in Cabo Delgado is expected to improve from “Critical” (GAM 15-30 percent) to “Serious” (GAM 10-15 percent), while Morrumbala District in Zambézia is expected to improve from “Alert” to “Acceptable.” For Ancuabe and Namuno in Cabo Delgado and Macossa in Manica, although the situation is expected to generally improve, there will likely not be a change in the IPC levels of acute malnutrition. The expectation for the improvement of the nutritional situation will mostly be due to likely enhanced food availability and access (own production), a drop in staple food prices, and a decrease in childhood illnesses (diarrhea and malaria). The SETSAN IPC analysis projection for the lean season, October 2017 to January 2018, anticipates an increased likelihood for deterioration in acute malnutrition, particularly for Namuno and Chiure districts, which are expected to move back to “Critical” levels. Morrumbala and Mopeia in Zambézia and Cahora Bassa in Tete may move from “Acceptable” to “Alert” or “Serious” situation. The reasons for this deterioration will be caused by an expected increase in childhood diseases, decreased attention to child care (caregivers will be more concerned with field preparations and access road conditions may deteriorate), and expected increases in food insecurity.",8
3089,"Damage to infrastructure, including bridges and roads is also reported, hampering access to the affected population. With the assessed needs, urgent support is required for 12,956 people in Gatumba in the following sectors; Shelter, WASH, livelihoods and basic needs, health and protection, gender and inclusion (PGI) (see Table 2 under Needs Analysis). To support the Government in responding to these needs, Burundi Red Cross, is requesting for CHF 277,647.81 to reach approximately 30 percent of the affected population, i.e. 3,885 people (777 households) in the areas of Shelter, WASH and PGI through this DREF operation.",1
7265,"The Special Representative of the Secretary General and Head of the UN Support Mission in Libya (UNSMIL), Martin Kobler, has been following with deep concern the continued reports of civilians in Benghazi trapped in the midst of a combat zone without access to food and water.",11
7171,"Large-scale fighting in Mosul has ended, but the risks faced by Iraqis are diversifying, as sporadic pockets of insecurity and asymmetric attacks persist and sectarian violence increases. Grievances from years under Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) are keenly felt, and retributive acts against alleged ISIL-affiliated families are increasing, most notably in Anbar, Diyala, Ninewa and Salah al-Din. The fear of retribution is hindering returns, and although over 2 million Iraqis have returned home, the rate of return in July was lower than in recent months. Displaced people remain in need of comprehensive humanitarian assistance for some time to come",9
758,"Torture and impunity for torturers continues in Uzbekistan, directed against Muslims, Protestants, Jehovah's Witnesses and people of other faiths. Women are targetted for assault, and in another torture case police told a Jehovah's Witness that complaining makes no difference as 'we will remain unpunished'.",9
4240,"In Somalia, SE Ethiopia and NE Kenya there will be no further rainfall at least for the next 6 weeks, until the start of the next rainfall season in March-May 2017. River basin rainfall totals at the end of season remained at its lowest levels for the larger Shebelli basin (A) and at one of the lowest for the Juba -2 basin (B). A similar story emerges for other basins. Comparable dry years include 2010, 2005, 2003, 1991. ",5
8072,"Some motorists are still trying to drive through flooded roads. According to the police in Guija, one vehicle owned by the National Roads Administration (ANE) was swept away by the waters which had cut the Canicado-Chicualacuala road (the road which links Guija to the northern districts of Gaza). The driver escaped through a window in the vehicle and told the police he had not noticed that the road was cut.",6
1599,"Ambiyo Muhidin Ali, who lives in the IDP camp with her seven children, told Radio Ergo’s reporter that police officers came to her home while she was away at work and arrested her children along with a number of other residents. Some of Ambiyo's children were beaten and handcuffed.",9
1334,"Due to losses of subsistence crops and household food supplies from cyclone-related flooding, food prices in local markets are increasing. Moreover, food availability will continue to be difficult in some remote areas cut off by damaged roads. In mid-March 2017, prices are exceptionally high compared to December 2016 in urban cities such as Antananarivo, Mahajanga, Toamasina and Antsirabe, where prices of imported rice increased by more than 20 percent, while prices of local rice rose by 30 percent. Maize prices also increased by 30 to 55 percent. However, price stability or decline was noticed in the South due to the beginning of off-season crop harvests (pulses and maize).",3
407,"Arbitrary arrests, kidnappings, and looting by pro-regime militias do seem to be a major problem in Aleppo, especially in the eastern parts, to the extent that the government itself has acknowledged the threat to public order. In March, a statement attributed to the head of security in Aleppo, Lieutenant-General Zaid Ali Saleh, was circulated online, in which he ordered a pro-Assad militia out of the city due to “acts of theft, plunder, stealing and attacks on public property, the freedoms of citizens and their private property.”",9
7886,"At least 1,195 families from Cazombo village, in eastern Moxico's municipality of Alto Zambeze, were left homeless as a result of heavy rains that hit the region recently. ",10
2530,"They also reported that very few people in the camp mold bricks to sale. The food rations they receive, however, are by far the most important source of livelihoods for people in the camp. ",3
8155,"He also informed the council it “will not be possible to meet the January 30 deadline for the destruction of unstable ammunition spread in caches throughout the country.”UN Special Representative Jean ArnaultIn total, some 6,600 guerrillas and approximately 10,000 militia members are expected to demobilize and disarm.",9
1435,"Congolese refugees in Rwanda said soldiers shot at them and wounded at least two people on Tuesday as the refugees tried to march out of their camp in protest at a cut in food rations.Refugees said around 2,000 people from the 17,000-strong Karongi camp in western Rwanda marched out of the camp to protest a 25 percent cut that began last month in the rations provided by the U.N. refugee agency (UNHCR). The agency made the cuts saying it faced funding problems.",3
1185,"On 4 June, cholera was confirmed in Tonj East County of Warrap after three of six samples tested positive for Vibrio cholerae inaba. These are the first cases to be confirmed in Warrap during the nearly year-long outbreak of the acute diarrhoeal disease, which was first detected on 16 June 2016 and has now affected 23 counties, with active transmission ongoing in Yirol East and Yirol West, Duk, Tonj East, Nyirol (Lankien), Fashoda (Aburoc), Kapoeta South, Kapoeta North, and Kapoeta East. In Jonglei, suspect cholera cases are being investigated in Karam and Pieri in Urol county.Cumulatively, 4,932 cholera cases including 163 deaths—a Case Fatality Rate (CFR) of 3.2 per cent —have been reported in South Sudan since 1 January 2017, compared to zero cases recorded during this period in 2016. This is the first cholera outbreak to have continued during the dry season since South Sudan’s independence",4
11102,"Not only are millions of civilians living in the crossfire, but they can no longer afford food, shelter or medicine, as the violence has devastated the economy.",5
5378,"CHAD  POLIO VACCINATION TARGETS 4.2 MILLION CHILDREN  Since 25 March, the Ministry of Public Health, UNICEF and WHO are conducting a four-day national immunization campaign against polio targeting 4.2 million children under five. Between 2010 and 2016, 51 immunization drives against polio have been conducted, reaching an average of 4 million children under five. Chad has reported no polio cases since June 2012. However, new cases erupted last year in Borno state in neighbouring Nigeria. Due to population movements in the area and low immunization coverage of children, the risk of infection spread is high. The latest vaccination campaign is part of a synchronized campaign in 13 African countries targeting more than 116 million children under five in an attempt at definitively eradicating polio in the continent.",4
9525,"Food sec: 1.3M people in need Health: 766K Shelter: 385K Education: 173K Protection: 241K WASH:1,2M Nutrition:1.5M ",1
5391,"The latest satellite imagery from 17 February shows some 6,460 makeshift shelters near the Rukban border crossing (an increase of 19 from 3 December images), while 1,553 were identified at the Hadalat crossing as of 4 March (an increase of 18 from 24 January).",10
7253,"Although there is the lack of basic facilities including water for the 22,000 inhabitants already in Pulka, family reunification is necessary to ensure that there is no further separation of women and children from the nucleus of the family. ",11
2285,"At least 56 Palestinian schools in the West Bank currently have pending demolition or stop-work orders from the Israeli occupation authorities, children’s rights groups have claimed. In a joint statement released this week, Save the Children, UNICEF and the UN’s Humanitarian Coordinator for the occupied Palestinian territory (oPt) warn of “increasing protection risks” for Palestinian children under Israeli military occupation. “School demolitions, confiscation of equipment, double shifts, inability to prioritise education and underfunding have complicated children’s access to education,” it adds.",2
2273,"In Chittagong, some areas have become waterlogged due to the poorly managed drainage system. Businesses have been badly affected as trade in Chaktai and Khatunganj wholesale markets have been hampered in April 20. In Barisal Sadar Upazila, Difficulties in movement due to knee-deep water level in roads, makeshift shops, hawkers and vegetables markets remain closed. I",11
5700,"Twenty-three cases were recorded on 12 January in two neighbourhoods of the capital Kinshasa, bringing to 554 the number of cases since the beginning of the epidemic in November 2017. A total of 346 cases and 11 deaths were recorded in the first two weeks of 2018. The authorities and aid organisations are increasing measures to curb the outbreak. ",4
2613,Influx of conflict-IDPs with livestock in areas that are facing livestock feed shortages are putting additional pressure on limited resources. This is having an impact on current livestock interventions.,5
5587,"Recent surveys suggest that veteran members of these gangs wish to cease the violence. However, the economic dead-end of El Salvador’s urban outskirts – the country’s recent GDP growth rate of 1.9 per cent is among the lowest in Central America – continues to drive a supply of willing young recruits, and consolidate a rearguard of sympathisers dependent on income from the gangs’ extortion schemes and other rackets.",9
10889,"As seen in Figure 5, the proportion of households reporting poor food consumption fell from 15 to 12 percent across Malawi in May. The biggest improvement was among households who rely on own production as their main food source (Figure 6). This clearly shows the positive impact of the harvest on food security",3
3652,"Cameroon’s government has ordered thousands of villagers to leave their homes in the Anglophone Southwest region as it deploys troops to root out armed separatists who have vowed to loosen President Paul Biya’s long grip on power.Authorities of the Manyu Division in the Southwest on Dec. 1 gave the order to evacuate 16 villages across the region. They warned that anyone deciding to stay “will be treated as accomplices or perpetrators of ongoing criminal occurrences.”Motorbikes, a preferred mode of transport for separatist attackers, were ordered off the roads between 7 p.m. and 6 a.m.“If you go to the villages, everyone has fled. Only the old people stayed. The streets are quiet. It is highly militarized. At night, you hear gunfire.”",5
4389,"The Diffa region remains the most affected due to large population displacement following the security and humanitarian crisis. This region is hosting at least 408,000 food insecure people. But most of the humanitarian intervention in the country is targeting the region because of its vulnerability. At the pastoral level, the livestock food situation remains difficult, and even worrying particularly in the pastoral bands of the regions of Agadez, Zinder, Maradi and Tahoua. ",3
5957,"Lack of funds hit health services in Bougainville Health centres are going without medicine, services have been cut, and infrastructure is going unbuilt as a lack of funds in Bougainville continues to bite.'There are a lot of areas not accessing health services because of a lack of medicine, there are also a lot of areas that are not accessible because the roads cannot reach them. Law and order; we need to make the police service more effective, but we can't do that if we don't have the resources. All these services rely heavily on the grants from the national government.' ",4
3645,"Malnutrition rates in northern townships of Rakhine (Buthidaung and Maungdaw) were already above WHO emergency thresholds (GAM>=15 per cent OR >=10-14.9 per cent with aggravating factors) and higher than anywhere else in the country before the October 2016 violence. This means that the under 5 (U5) children and PLW in these townships have humanitarian nutritional needs. The prevalence of GAM in Buthidaung and Maungdaw stands at 15.1 per cent and 19.0 per cent respectively while the prevalence of severe acute malnutrition (SAM) is recorded at 2 per cent, and 3.9 per cent respectively. In addition, a survey in the northern part ofMynbia township in 2016 estimated GAM and SAM at 18.5 per cent and 2.6 per cent respectively. Following the October 2016 and August 2017 attacks, market disruptions largely reduced access to food or crops. Lack of access to health and nutrition services are likely to further compromise the already poor nutritional status of the population and affect IYCF practices at household level. No assessment has been possible since the August 2017 event to estimate nutritional needs resulting from the new crisis in Rakhine.",4
8990,"Cholera has extended to the north of Sudan and reached Abri in Halfa locality, where four cases were reported on Monday. A hospital recorded more infected cases coming from the gold mines in Northern State. Last week, activist Adham Nasir told Radio Dabanga that the hospital in Delgo received 34 new cases of cholera on Thursday, raising the total number of infected cases in the ward to 77. Most of the patients are reportedly miners.",4
8080,"Humanitarian needs in Kajo-Keji, Central Equatoria, are high, according to the findings of an inter-agency team who travelled to the area in late December 2016 to assess humanitarian needs after fighting and insecurity displaced about 30,000 people. People interviewed during the inter-agency rapid needs assessment (IRNA) indicated that they had been displaced from Kaya, Lainya, Morobo, Nyepo, southern Bari and Yei, all in Central Equatoria. The majority report having been displaced multiple times since fighting intensified in September 2016. Some of them have fled to Uganda and returned, reportedly due to overcrowding in the refugee camps.The team observed movement of people within Kajo-Keji town and between the IDP sites. However, there was limited movement to locations outside the county due to fear of attacks. IDPs reported cases of people being abducted, tortured or killed, as well as requests for payment of ransoms to secure the release of abducted people in Lainya, Morobo and Yei, where they were coming from. ",9
9795,Food insecurity continues to dominate Kenya’s arid and semi-arid counties. Between 3 million and 3.5 million people in Kenya are predicted to be acutely food insecure by August – up from the current estimate of 2.6 million. ,3
7632,"After enduring three years of war, hunger and disease, Yemenis could now be at heightened risk of catching malaria due to a collapsing health care system, aid agencies said on Thursday.  The World Health Organization (WHO) estimated that malaria cases rose in 2016 to 433,000 from 336,000 the year before.  Poor access to healthcare, clean water and sanitation put more people at risk of the life-threatening disease, according to aid agencies. ",4
9076,"Many IDPs visited have expressed the need to have their own source of income while in a state of displacement in order to provide for their daily needs and to lessen their dependency on humanitarian assistance. IDPs are in dire need of money and are forced to find alternative sources of income to support their families and sustain their daily needs, resulting to reported incidences of child trafficking in Saguiaran (16 cases recorded, 7 returned to families).",5
880,"At least 18 people perish in water poisoning in Puntland At least 18 people have died in the last 48 hours in Timiro location in Puntland following water poisoning, a government official has confirmed. “The waterhole these people used to draw water from has been poisoned. As a result 18 people died while 150 others are sick and some of them taken to nearby locations” said Aw-Yussuf.",11
11864,"Normally the lean season begins in June, but since mid-April, the majority of poor host households and displaced people have depended completely on markets with limited incomes. As a result, they have reduced the number of meals consumed per day from three to two. Some households have substituted rice for sorghum because of its higher price. Food distribution, in Logone-Et-Chari and Mayo-Sava Departments, is focused on refugees and some displaced people, and will reach 17 percent of the population facing Crisis (IPC Phase 3) food insecurity during the period from June to September.",3
11062,"Food security risks for the affected population are maintained due to the damages to the plantations and the food storage facilities, mainly in the municipalities of Baracoa, Imias, Maisi, and San Antonio del Sur. ? Estimations indicate more than 70,000 hectares of damaged plantations in Guantánamo province, in key productions for peoples' livelihoods like coffee, cacao, coconut and banana. ? The passing of Hurricane Matthew severely damaged 674 facilities of the agricultural sector. ? Alejandro de Humboldt National Park, in Holguín Province, was significantly damaged by Hurricane Matthew. In particular, the collapse of Toa River Bridge seriously affected the flora and fauna of the park, having a direct impact on the livelihoods of people living in the area.",3
9930,"In pastoral areas, milk consumption is expected to sustain seasonal food security improvements through early January. In Hawd Pastoral livelihood zone of Nugal, northern Mudug, and Sool, where livest ock recovery has been better than previously expected, Crisis (IPC Phase 3) is now likely through May. In addition to milk consumption, pastoralists in these areas are li kely to sell a few livestock by May to fund food purchases and repay debts. In many ot her pastoral areas, though, food security is expected to deteriorate after January, when milk is no longer available and livestock holdings remain too low to purchase sufficient food to meet basic needs. In the absence of assistance, Crisis (IPC Phase 3) i s expected in most pastoral areas, though Emergency (IPC Phase 4) is likely in Northern Inland Pastoral, Guban Pastoral, Addun Pastoral, and Coastal Deeh Pastoral livelihood zones. Also in the absence of assistance, risk of Famine (IPC Phase 5) exists in p astoral areas of greatest concern including Northern Inland Pastoral. Concern is now growing for household - level Phase 5 in Guban Pastoral, Addun Pastoral, and Coastal Deeh Pastoral livelihood zones, in the absence of assistance. In these areas, most house holds have few livestock to sell and are heavily dependent on assistance",3
1532,"Armyworms have destroyed 2,000hectares of crops in Malawi, spreading to nine of its 28districts in the last few weeks, the agriculture minister saidon Saturday",0
10215,"Nutrition Alert   In Daykundi, a survey conducted by partners of the Nutrition Cluster revealed a Global Acute malnutrition (GAM) rate of 14.8 per cent. The GAM level coupled with a high rate of   morbidity among children – nearly 64 per cent of children had at least one episode of illness in the two weeks prior to the survey - indicate a critical level acute malnutrition in the area.  ",8
8594,"The ongoing sheep and goat plague in localized central and northeastern areas caused an undetermined amount of heavy livestock losses before the Government of Burundi closed the small ruminants’ markets as a precautionary measure. In April, at the peak of the lean season, the poor households, who lost goats or are unable to sell, are likely to experience Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes, as they will not have an alternate source of income to meet their minimum food needs.",3
9885,"Recent developments in East Jerusalem highlight the coercive environment affecting many Palestinian residents of the city. Four recently-advanced settlement plans in Sheikh Jarrah neighbourhood threaten with eviction over 70 Palestinian residents. In total, at least 260 Palestinians living in 24 residential buildings in the area are under threat of eviction in cases brought against them by Israeli settler organizations, the General Custodian and/or Israeli individuals.8 The number of demolitions of homes and other structures – another key pressure on Palestinians in East Jerusalem – is almost as high as in 2016, which saw the highest number of demolitions since 2000. In July, the Israeli Prime Minister gave his support to a plan that would absorb a number of West Bank settlements into the Jerusalem municipality while administratively separating Palestinian localities beyond the Barrier from the municipality, dramatically altering the city’s demographic composition",10
4877,"Civilian casualties from suicide improvised explosive devices (IED) and complex attacks were the leading cause of civilian casualties, a new trend observed in 2018. Ground engagements were the second leading cause of civilian casualties, followed by targeted and deliberate killings, explosive remnants of war, and aerial operations, with those living in the provinces of Kabul, Helmand, Nangarhar, Faryab, and Kandahar most impacted by the conflict.",9
6632,"In 2017, the number of new IDPs in hard to reach areas is already at 6,650, in January, around 68 per cent of all those displaced so far. ",9
1847,"After 6 days of holding control of the stronghold of the “Islamic State” organization in Hama… the regime forces lose large parts of Uqayribat and surroundings villages  Mines and bullets of the regime forces and gunfire of the “Islamic State” organization prevent hundreds of families from surviving in the countryside of Hama, amid dramatic escalation of the humanitarian conditions",9
8345,"In week 15, there are 1,942 suspected cases and 2 associated deaths.The cumulative total of suspected cholera cases reported since April 2017 to 14 April 2018 is 1,089,507 with 2,274 associated deaths across the country. At governorate level, the trend from W12-W14 decreased in all governorates except Amran (+22%) and Ibb (+17%).The overall case fatality ratio is 0.21% and the national attack rate is 389 per 10,000 people. Children (< 5 years of age) represent 28.8 % of the total suspected casesYemen map/L’Américain",4
3676,"22 Eritrean refugees freed by traffickers in Sudan Human trafficking gangs in eastern Sudan have freed 22 Eritrean refugees, including three girls, who were kidnapped in mid-August after reportedly receiving a ransom ranging from $1,500 to $5,000 per person. Human trafficking is a perennial problem in the area, but residents of Red Sea state in eastern Sudan reported an increase in crimes concerning refugees and asylum seekers, including kidnappings, in the region. A relative of one of the kidnapped refugees told Radio Dabanga that human trafficking gangs received the group in an undisclosed area from another gang that was smuggling them from Shajarab camp to Khartoum for SDG2,500 ($375) per person.Residents of Red Sea state in eastern Sudan reported an increase in crimes concerning refugees and asylum seekers, including kidnappings, in the region.    “The number of abductions for ransom is rapidly increasing in eastern Sudan,” listener Ali Muneeb told Radio Dabanga this month",9
2683,"Even before the current crisis, women and girls in Yemen faced entrenched gender inequalities that limited access to services, livelihoods and other opportunities as a result of prevailing social norms. Conflict has in many cases exacerbated these limitations, and women and girls face a range of specific vulnerabilities. Female-headed households face additional challenges as they seek to provide for their families in a difficult environment, potentially relying on negative coping strategies that leave them susceptible to exploitation and abuse. Key informants across the country report that 10.3 per cent of IDP households are headed by females, including 2.6 per cent headed by minor females. Child marriage remains a serious issue, with 52 per cent of Yemeni girls marrying before age 18, and 14 per cent before age fifteen. Rates of child marriage are reportedly increasing as families seek dowry payments to cope with conflict-related hardship. An IDP assessment in Taizz revealed that 8 per cent of girls aged 12 to 17 are pregnant, indicating a prevalence of early marriage. Escalating conflict and displacement are also associated with greater risks and incidence of gender-based violence (GBV), including sexual abuse. Focus group discussions have shown that women report psychological distress due to violence, fear for family members, and fear of arrest or detention, while men report distress due to loss of livelihoods, restricted mobility, and being forced to perform “women-specific roles”. These kinds of stress among males can lead to increased levels of domestic violence, placing more women at risk. The GBV Information Management System (IMS) recorded 8,031 incidents between January and September 2016, 64 per cent of which were cases of emotional or psychological abuse (3,373 cases) or physical assault (1,767 cases). However, the true extent is certainly far greater in light of social norms that discourage reporting",9
3334,"The Lesotho Vulnerability Assessment Committee (LVAC) results in June 2016 showed that 679,437 people in the rural areas of Lesotho are in need of humanitarian assistance between June 2016 and May 2017. The most immediate identified humanitarian needs caused by the El Nino-induced drought are food and water. The LVAC found that about 17 per cent of households were using water from unprotected sources. In Maseru, Mokhotlong and Thaba-Tseka districts, 22-32 per cent of people were reported to be using water from unprotected sources. The vulnerability caused by El Nino compounded existing high rates of poverty, and HIV infection rates which are among the highest in the world.",11
124,"The insufficient measures for long-term needs may create deeper problems in the future, such as high crime rates and widening socio-economic gaps. The topic is highly charged, and is tied up with Turks’ strong pro- or anti-government attitudes. The facts are not being properly discussed, and Turkey is not learning from the experiences of countries who received large number of asylum-seekers in the past, such as Pakistan. Above all, what’s missing from the discussion is a focus on human rights and dignity. ",1
10506," More than 806,000 people are at extreme food insecurity in the affected areas. ",3
7685,"220 individuals transported and rescued in Samar Province and Ormoc 6,808 individuals served with hotmeals in Samar, Leyte, Ormoc, Masbate and Surigao Del Norte 11 welfare desks established 7 individuals provided with psychological first aid  211 families provided mats and/or blankets in Ormoc and Northern Samar  2,034 volunteers/staff mobilized",3
6408,"Cases of sexual violence, particularly rape, against girls have increased dramatically since 2013, said an ethnic Mon rights groups highlighting such cases in southeastern Burma.  The Human Rights Foundation Monland (HURFOM) published a report on Thursday, titled “Cracks in the Silence.” In it, the organization documented and analyzed 20 cases of violence against children in Mon State and the surrounding areas between Dec. 2013 and Jan. 2017.",9
1313,"In camps/camp-like settings, the condition of toilets was reported to be “not so good” in the majority (82%) of sites. In 5 per cent of sites, the toilets were in unusable condition.There were no separate toilets for males and females in 75 per cent of sites, no separate bathing areas in 70 per cent of sites and toilets/bathrooms did not lock from inside in 59 per cent of sites. No hygiene promotion activity was reported in 58 per cent of sites.In host communities, 94 per cent of toilets were rated as ‘not so good’, toilets were good in 4 per cent of sites and unusable in 2 per cent of sites. 21,316 toilets were functional. Separate bathing area were not available in 95 per cent of the assessed sites. In host communities, no signs of handwashing practice was visible in 90 per cent of sites.",11
9286,"To ensure consistent and coherent dissemination of key life-saving messages across Rohingya settlements, C4D has started a new flagship project in partnership with BRAC for the establishment of a new Community Mobilization Volunteer (CMV) Network with 800 incentivized and trained Rohingya volunteers for tent-to-tent interpersonal communication, mobilization and engagement of community/opinion leaders.",1
3642,"A massive scale-up of humanitarian aid in Bangladesh is needed to avoid a huge public health disaster following the arrival of hundreds of thousands of Rohingya refugees.Following a wave of targeted violence against Rohingya more than 422,000 people have fled to Bangladesh from Rakhine State in Myanmar within a three week period.",4
6361," Mozambique’s Technical Secretariat of Food Security and Nutrition (SETSAN) December assessment results indicate approximately two million people, up from 1.8 million in August 2016, will face Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes between January to March 2017. This remains in line with FEWS NET estimates that 2.3 million people are likely facing Crisis (IPC Phase 3) or worse outcomes in southern and central areas, including about 300,000 potential flood-affected people during this period. I",3
135,"The Joint Mission also requested the Libyan authorities to take pragmatic steps in order to facilitate the exit of migrants/refugees, including by waiving the requirement of exit visa in these exceptional circumstances.",9
2093,"The rate of killings and sexual violence in Rakhine State has subsided since August and September last year. But recently arrived Rohingya interviewed by Gilmour and other UN officials in Cox’s Bazar provided credible accounts of continued killings, rape, torture, and abductions, as well as forced starvation. With Maungdaw township on the border of Bangladesh already largely emptied of its Rohingya population, those arriving now are coming from townships further inside.",9
4100,"> 1.1 million people severely food insecure (Integrated Food Security Phase Classification [IPC] Phases 3 and 4, February 2017)",3
11389,"one of more than an estimated 8,000 people, as of Monday, who have returned to their native Gambia since the political crisis there ended when former president Yahya Jammeh ceded power on Friday and went into exile a day later.",9
3503,"Since the end of September, more than 15,000 people have moved to nearby cities and quieter areas of Sabratha city. ",3
3262,? Many health facilities in Renk County are not fully functioning due to a prolonged funding gap for Upper Nile State,4
7416,"WFP currently has 200,000 MT of stocks of food to assist six million people until early January. This includes 108,000 MT of cereals stored in the silos at Hudaydah and Saleef ports. • In the coming month, WFP expects a total of 72,000 MT of mixed food commodities to arrive into Yemen, half of that through Hudaydah and Saleef. A protracted suspension or delay in the delivery of these commodities will affect six million vulnerable people who rely on assistance every month. • Given the time it takes to deliver food from the ports to the people on the ground, WFP relies on the continuous flow of commodities into Yemen.",3
2442,Rising food prices are also affecting food access among displaced and poor urban households.,3
1023,"Lack of proper running water channels to direct rain waters to rivers, dams and other water reservoirs, are a contributing factor to increasing flash floods in Zambia.",1
10651,"More than 1.1 million people have been affected, including 155,000 displaced. Of the affected population, some 309,000 are boys, girls and adolescences.  • With 29 per cent of the affected population, he Department of Piura is bearing the brunt of the floods and mudslides.  • Some of the most pressing needs are related to WASH, Health, Food Security and Shelter sectors.  • Although the majority of displaced people are with host families, some 22,500 people have moved to 135 official temporary shelters in nine departments.",7
5194,"Acute malnutrition is a major public health emergency in the country. Evidence shows that, in the southern part of Unity State, one in three children is acutely malnourished This represents an unprecedented situation requiring immediate actions, especially in Leer, Mayendit, Koch and Panyijar counties",8
1026,"Wheat: The current average wheat price in main cities’ markets of Afghanistan (AFN 23.8/Kg) is slightly lower by 1.3% compared to the same time last year (June 2016), but slightly higher by 8.3% compared to the last 5-year average price of the same months (Junes 2012 - 2016).   Wheat flour (High Price): The current retail price (AFN 28.6/kg) is slightly lower by 2.3% compared to the same month last year (June 2016), and slightly higher by 3.1% compared to the last 5-year average price of the same months.   Rice is considered as the 2nd main staple food in Afghanistan. The current average retail price of Low Quality Rice (AFN 45.3/kg) is slightly higher by 9.5% compared to the same month last year (June 2016), and slightly higher by 9.6% compared to the last 5-year average price of the same months. The current average price of High Quality Rice (AFN 84.4/kg) is slightly higher by 9.7% compared to the same month last year (June 2016), and slightly higher by 6.9% compared to the last 5-year average price of the same months.  Pulses: The current retail price (AFN 88.2/kg) is significantly higher by 19.7% compared to the same month last year (June 2016), and significantly higher by 41.2% compared to the last 5-year average price of the same months.",3
2330,"On a good note, the downward trend of cholera continues - between the period of January and October 2017, 11,916 suspected cases were recorded in the country which is a significant decrease of 66% compared to the same period in 2016.",4
1079,"01. LOGISTICS OPERATIONAL UPDATES ? The Logistics Working Group supported the Government of Papua New Guinea with technical logistics assistance, to procure, plan and dispatch five containers worth of food and WASH materials to Western Province through a commercial barge operation. The vessel sailed from Port Moresby to the Fly river in Western Province. The barge called at Sturt Island, Obo Island and finally reached Kiunga, the provincial capital. Food assistance for 7200 families (36,000 persons) and 9000 litre water tanks for 52 communities have been shipped. Final distribution will be conducted with the assistance of the PNGDF and local disaster committees. ? The Moro Humanitarian Logistics Base manages the delivery of humanitarian logistics via the Oil Search (OSL) Operation in Moro. The agreed terminology for the arrangement is ‘interface’ for the extensive cooperation of donated ‘in-kind’ logistics by OSL to the humanitarian community. Use of the logistics interface is based on a resolved distribution plan by the respective organization and needs to be endorsed by respective cluster, submitted via the Logistics Working Group and the established Request for Assistance (RFA) forms and procedures. ? While many access roads are being re-established, last-mile transport to locations only reachable via helicopter continues to be a major constraint for the response. The Logistics Working Group is working on identifying commercial options to ensure that remote communities can be reached, however it needs the cooperation of the cluster leads to identify those communities.  AIR TRANSPORT ? In-kind 30 hours of helicopter flights from MAF, for over six weeks period in remote communities of earthquake affected areas for humanitarian community will be coordinated by Logistics Working Group. Use of the helicopter is based on the applicable cluster (WASH/HEALTH/SHELTER/FOOD) endorsing the plan by the respective organization and submitted via the Logistics Working Group and the established Request for Assistance (RFA) forms and procedures. The standard Operating Procedure can be found at: click here ? WFP is currently running its food assistance operation from Moro to isolated locations. The unutilized air assets space has been made available to the humanitarian community. Established Request for Assistance (RFA) forms and procedures apply. LAND TRANSPORT ? Local transporters are available to move the cargo from Lae port to Mt. Hagen and Mendi. Security measures needs to be taken for the movement of cargo from Mt. Hagen to either Hela or Southern Highlands provinces. PNGDF is available to escort the cargo. Planning needs to be done in advance with PNGDF as they are stretched with deployments. Booking of escorts is managed through the Logistics Working Group for cargo. SEA AND RIVER TRANSPORT ? Lae’s port is fully functional, with a yard for storage, and it is the recommended port of arrival for humanitarian cargo. The Highlands Highway connecting Lae to Mt Hagen and either Hela or Southern Highlands province, is currently passable. Commercial shipping lines are available to ship the cargo from Port Moresby to Lae Port. ? Options for river / barge movement via the Kikori, Fly and Strickland river, and from Port Moresby to Lae can be considered as an additional transportation options for goods bound to earthquake-affected areas and between major entry point of arrivals for humanitarian cargo. Barges can be hired for specific service and some operators also provide liner service. STORAGE ? Mt. Hagen, Emergency Controllers Office has a newly contracted common storage facility of 640 square meters. The warehouse facility is administered by PNG Defense Force and requests are coordinated by LWG. Organizations can store their cargo for maximum period of 30 days. ? Logistics Working Group have augmented storage capacity in Moro, a Mobile Storage Unit (MSU) with 240 square meter floor capacity for humanitarian relief cargo. Request for Assistance form must be submitted to Logistics Working Group to use the storage facility in Moro. ? In Port Moresby, the PNG Defence Force (PNGDF) has common storage available at their hanger (AST) at POM Jackson’s Airport. Additional space has been granted at the PNGDF Murray Barracks. Storage at these locations must be requested via Request for Assistance (more information below). Items will be stored for a maximum of 30 days. ACCESS CONSTRAINTS ? General Logistics Planning Map has been published ( 16 May 2018) and can be downloaded at click here. Below a summary of access constraints:  Airport/Airstrips ? Southern Highlands Province: Moro, Mendi, Bosave, Munuma Station, Fogomaiu are operational. Huya is only open to helicopters. ? Hela Province: Tari operational; Komo open now open to ATR freighter and AN 12 aircrafts due to ground work by EXXON Mobile ? Western Highlands Province: Mt Hagen Kagamuga airport is operational. ? Western Province: Dodomona and Mogalu are operational Roads ? Mt. Hagen to Tari - Open ? Mendi to Moro – Closed for cargo transport, accessible only for light vehicles ? Traffic congestion along the main roads from Hagen to Mendi and Mendi to Tari, due to influx of vehicles to affected areas. ? The road from Nipa to Magarima and onward to Tari and Komo is accessible to land cruisers, coaster buses (25 seaters) and 12-wheeler trucks. ? The Homa / Paua to Tubage road is accessible only for light vehicle. This road is critical for access to the quake affected villages of Homa, Paua, Baguale and Kekero.",6
7392,"Since 27 January, the sharp escalation in fighting along the contact line in eastern Ukraine has had significant humanitarian consequences with the reported deaths of 7 civilians and 41 injured  in addition to major damage to water and electricity infrastructure.  The disruption of water supply systems, on which centralised heating is depending, is of great concern while temperatures are predicted to remain at -17 degrees C in the coming days. Overall, 1.8 million people, including 250,000 children, are affected by disruption of water supply  in areas along both sides of the contact line and face serious health risks should heating systems be stopped altogether.",11
8203,"The crisis in Yemen has now surpassed 1,000 days, during which three million men, women and children have been forced to flee their homes, with over two million still displaced. Conflict and loss of livelihoods, further compounded by cholera and risk of man-made famine, have created new vulnerabilities for an already desperate displaced population, with 89 per cent of IDPs displaced for over a year.",5
6784,"As of 18 January, a cumulative total of 17 334 suspected cases of cholera, including 99 associated deaths were reported across the country, with a case-fatality rate of 0.6%.  Of these, 189 cases were laboratory-confirmed for Vibrio cholerae 01. ",4
6143,"At least 16 people, including two children, drowned after an inflatable boat carrying refugees and migrants sank off Greece's Lesbos island, authorities said on Monday. ",9
10501,"The situation is most dramatic in Lebanon and Jordan where a number of direct cash assistance activities could dry up in less than four weeks. Syrian refugees in Lebanon – 70 per cent of whom are living under the national poverty line - say that without this lifeline, they don’t know how they will manage to survive. For many, cash assistance is the only means of buying medicine for sick family members and paying off their bills and fast-accumulating debts. Refugees tell UNHCR that every month they struggle to pay their rent and face the threat of eviction.",1
7821,"By June 15, a total of 2 526 suspected typhoid cases, 116 confirmed cases and 10 deaths had been reported countrywide.",11
8595,"Due to the heavy rainfall throughout the country that started on 18 April, some communities in the northern and central areas of the Cibao region are currently displaced and without communications. Weather forecasts call for the rains to intensify over the weekend. In Barahona, more than 396 mm were registered (Hurricane Sandy was 400-450 mm).",7
5627,"Water continues to be pumped into Deir-ez-Zor once per week as per standard practice. In Harabesh people depend mainly on the river water which they can only access at night because ISIL is in control of the opposite river bank. While having to fetch water in proximity to ISIL controlled territory is an obvious protection concern, the consumption of untreated water from the river also exposes residents of Harabesh to the risk of water-borne diseases. ",4
3922,"Many of the new arrivals are staying in schools, community centres and other community spaces. UNHCR is reinforcing existing systems for protection and service delivery. Camp capacity is overstretched, particularly in Nayapara. The shortage of WASH facilities has also raised the risk of the outbreak of diseases to which pregnant women, young children and the elderly are especially vulnerable.  ",1
7148,"70 % of the affected families rely on agricultural p roduction but with tropical storm Vinta it has all b een suspended and their crops have been damaged. Fishing equipment have been taken away by flood waters.  Farming and fishing activities have been suspended, as the majority of the population still is in a state of shock with the incident and their efforts focused on retrieving their important belongings and cleaning their houses.  Affected families dependent on food aid from governm ent and the generosity of others.",5
8654,"Heavy rain has been affecting several areas of the country over the past week causing floods. Approx. 281 mm of rain were recorded in Kuantan city (Pahang state) over 24 - 25 January. Local media reported, as of 25 January at 7.00 UTC, that over 15 000 people have been evacuated in the states of Kelantan, Johor, Perak, Selangor, Malacca and Sabah.",10
3844,"The country’s water distribution systems suffered repeated damage from the flooding throughout the first six months of the year. Coordination with the Dominican Republic water authorities was efficient; and in agreement with the authorities, the National Society focused its activities on hygiene promotion, cleaning of wells and houses, distribution of buckets, hygiene kits and jerry cans and water trucking, in order to prevent waterborne diseases and promote vector contro",11
7897, December maize meal prices were above the five-year average (20112015) by 24 percent,3
9781,"Two people are feared dead and four missing after two rival pastoralist communities clashed in Isiolo County on Monday night.Tension was high in Lotik, Loruko, Attan, Alamach, Emegen and Ngaremara areas on Tuesday morning following fierce gunfire between the two groups.The pastoralists took up arms after armed bandits raided Loruko village Monday night and stole more than 300 cattle.Villagers have fled their homes, fearing for their lives, as learning was paralysed in six schools. ",5
11658,"The war is widespread. It is ongoing not only Sangin, but also other districts of the province. ",9
11310,"Prices of water in Baidoa increased by an average of 3% from October to November. • The majority of the waterpoints (72%) showed no price change from October to November, while 17% had an increase in price mainly due to more households accessing the waterpoints. • Only 6% of the assessed waterpoints in Baidoa are not treated at the distribution point. The majority (83%) are chlorinated and 8% are treated with aquatabs.",11
7899,"Schools in Kamuandu, like in many other villages, have stopped working due to the violence. More than 900 schools have been attacked or occupied for military use across the Kasai region, obstructing 310,000 children from accessing primary school.",2
723,"In March. Around 700 newly displaced people were registered in Boudouri IDP site and 395 people in Guidan Kadji site in Maine Soroa. Sayam Forage refugee camp received 137 people relocated voluntarily from Toumour area. Meanwhile, 427 people from Kindjandi, Ngagam, and Garin Wanzam displacement sites returned to their homes in Bosso",9
8140,"During the last 07 month of the year 2017, 113543 suspected dengue cases have been reported to the Epidemiology Unit from all over the island. Latest Disease Trends. Approximately 45.04% of dengue cases were reported from the Western province.",4
3817,"Shelter ? AHA has completed the construction and handover of 25 transitional shelters for newly arrived refugees, in collaboration with UNHCR, ARRA and the Refugee Central Committee in Bokolmanyo.",10
8491,"Conflict in Yemen is the primary driver of the largest food security emergency in the world, with 7 to 10 million people in Crisis (IPC Phase 3), or worse, and in need of urgent humanitarian assistance. Of this total, at least two million people are in Emergency (IPC Phase 4) and face an increased risk of mortality. In addition to the impact of conflict on household livelihoods, market functioning, and humanitarian access, the deteriorating macroeconomic situation is affecting the private sector’s ability to import food. In a worst-case scenario, where food imports drop substantially for a sustained period of time or where conflict persistently prevents the flow of food to local markets, Famine (IPC Phase 5) is possible.",3
3406,"Displacement from rural to urban areas has significantly impacted the demographic patterns of the country, and has led to urban overcrowding. This has put additional pressure on scarce resources and services in cities and towns, and contributed to the inflated property rates, resulting in violations of housing, land and property rights, such as forced evictions, multiple land claims and land grabbing.11 Overcrowding in urban areas is further increasing the risk of disease outbreaks due to limited access to safe water and poor sanitation, and overburdened health services.",4
1236,"In general, staple foods were more expensive in December than in November in most districts. In Guija (Gaza), most food prices rose: maize meal went up  by 2.72 percent, rice by 2.16 percent and cooking oil by 3.40 percent.  However, prices largely decreased in Xai-Xai (Gaza): maize meal fell by 11.83  percent, rice by 16.29 percent and cooking oil by 11.52 percent. This could be  thanks to inflows of imported goods, as Xai-Xai is on the main north–south route (EN1 highway) of Mozambique. It is also one of the central markets in  Gaza province.  In most districts, food items are scarce, as indicated by the number of traders  who were selling the surveyed foods at the time of the calls (see Table 2):  84 percent of traders in Gaza did not have maize meal, and 62 percent in  Tete province did not have cowpeas. ",5
2348,"Infectious diseases: acute diarrhea in Deir Ezzor, measles in northern Syria, and increase in cutaneous leishmaniasis in the weeks 1-17 of 2018 compared to last year. ",4
11849,"It is envisaged that needs in the region will remain acute across all sectors, exacerbated by weak infrastructure and sub-optimal links with transitional and development interventions. At the national level, despite an average harvest season, an estimated 1.3 million people will require food assistance and 1.5 million will require nutritional assistance, including 247,500 children affected by severe acute malnutrition (SAM).",3
6520,"Children, who are 55 per cent of the Rohingya refugee population, are particularly vulnerable. So are the women and they represent more than half of all refugees in Bangladesh. An estimated ten percent are either disabled, have serious medical conditions or older persons at risk.",1
3578,"The only remaining engine is now operated by government forces, but this has caused water prices to rise sharply. ",11
5012,"Scared of being sent back to their countries, they tried to live under bridges or in abandoned buildings. Local police gathered them in this new refugee camp and offered them a roof to sleep under. Due to the fact that this new refugee camp was an unused military base there is still no kitchen or proper bathing facilities.",10
5881,"Ongoing conflict in Tel Afar district causes significant displacement into southern Zummar district. Since 21 April, an estimated 5,650 individuals have crossed into Zummar as the conflict advances in west Mosul and access to basic services and essential humanitarian assistance reduces.",7
8354,"4 SGBV incidents reported in Bidibidi 1,877 UAM, 2,628 Seperated CHildren, 172 BIA from 24/02-03/03",9
5955,"South Africa and Zambia are set to harvest substantial large crop this year. SA is expects the second biggest maize crop on record after 1980/81 (just above 14 million metric tonnes as reaffirmed by the National Crop Estimate Committee). Similarly, Zambia is set to harvest more than 3.5 million tonnes the this year, the highest ever in Zambia history. According to the National Food Balance of Zambia, total availability is projected to be in excess of 4.1 million metric tonnes of which approximately 1.18 million metric tonnes is expected surpluses. The expected surpluses represents great potential for export to other countries in the region. Considering that SA is the key exporter of maize in the region and is expected to harvest a large crop along Zambia, Zimbabwe and Malawi, the region can expect to see continued price declines in the coming months similar to that of SA in Q1-2017 as long as other factors such currency depreciations are minimal.",3
2847,"978,000 People in Madagascar Requiring Emergency Assistance. Approximately 973,700 people faced food insecurity in southern Madagascar. ",8
589,"According to recent assessments in the newly accessible Jebel Marra area in Central Darfur, there are high levels of malnutrition, with severe acute malnutrition levels at 5.4 per cent. Immunization rates are also very low, with children as old as seven years having never been vaccinated and an estimated 23,000 school-aged children in need of education support.",8
439,"Since the start of violence in August 2016, 639 primary and secondary schools have been damaged by attacks and many unaffected schools are now being used as emergency accommodation for families displaced by the violence. School facilities have been also been occupied by fighting forces and lingering insecurity has created a culture of fear, leaving children and teachers unwilling or unable to return to the classroom.",2
11982,"Refugees who arrived in Palorinya Settlement after 31 January 2017 have not received essential relief items due to depleted stocks. 52,356 individuals have been affected by this.",3
8379,"Agricultural activities have been affected by the depletion of productive assets, lack of seeds and other agricultural inputs, protracted insecurity and large scale population displacements1 . Production prospects are generally unfavourable and may lead to a third consecutive reduced cereal production, after the poor 2016/17 “deyr” harvest gathered last January and the reduced 2016 “gu” output2 . In pastoral areas, where pasture and water availability were affected by the failed October-December “deyr” rains and a harsh “jilaal” dry season3 , the poor performance of the “gu” rainy season had a further negative impact on rangeland resources. The most severe rainfall deficits were recorded in central Galgaduud, Mudug and Middle Shabelle Regions, where the cumulative rainfall between April and mid-June was 60-80 percent lower than the long-term average, and current pasture conditions are very poor. Although recent rains in May supported some pasture regeneration, these improvements are limited and will be short-lived as rains did not continue into June and the “xagaa” July-to-September dry season is about to start. As a result of the persisting pasture and water shortages, livestock body conditions are poor, with low milk productivity and birth rates.",0
6986,"Lunar New Year celebrations have been disrupted across Peninsular Malaysia as several waves of flooding triggered by seasonal heavy rains have affected have affected nearly 15,000 people across 6 states.As of today, nearly 7,800 people remain in evacuation centres. Johor and Pahang States have been particularly hard hit",7
438,Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro confirmed Friday that his government had requested help from the United Nations to deal with the “economic and social wounds” caused by the country’s deep recession.The government accuses private pharmaceutical companies of embezzling millions in state-subsidized dollars in order to re-sell them on the extremely profitable black market. Meanwhile private businesses have claimed that they have no access to dollars to import vital medicines. ,4
3500,"Across assessed governorates, winter clothing and portable light sources were consistently reported as top NFI needs. In addition to winter clothing, heating fuel, winter heaters and other winterization items were frequently reported among needs and as items that households would purchase if given cash or cash vouchers.Clothing and shoes were by far the top NFI needs reported for children in all assessed governorates. In Hama and Homs, a significant percentage of households reported mattresses/sleeping mats and bedding items as top needs for all age and gender groups, while winterisation items (such as heating fuel, winter heaters and winter clothing) were more commonly reported as top needs in Quneitra than elsewhere. Among assessed NFIs, the ones most commonly reported as unavailable or unaffordable were portable light sources (e.g. solar lamps, torches) and cooking fuel, followed by batteries, water containers, clothing and heating fuel.",7
10212,"According to a statement released by HDP at the start of this year, 8,711 members and supporters of their party have been detained and 2,705 have been arrested since July 2015, when the peace process between Ankara and the PKK fell apart and the conflict renewed. Dozens of mayors and city officials are among the detainees.",9
10013,"In order to address the worsening situation, and taking into account the key employment opportunities provided by the agricultural sector for rural and coastal communities, the following initiatives are recommended:  1)Urgently provide food and cash-based life-saving assistance to the most vulnerable groups, prioritising malnourished children under five and pregnant and lactating women. 2) Support recovery of livelihoods, especially for agriculture and fishing dependent communities. In particular, support backyard income generating activities and food production to complement, enrich and diversify food intake of severely food insecure and internally displaced person (IDP) households. 3) Manage the threat of locusts by continuing to support local authorities through the provision of equipment and capacity building efforts critical to containing the locust spread. Moreover, the international community needs to take swift action to prevent the food security situation from worsening in Yemen and consider lifting the restriction on food and non-food imports.",3
681,"Protection issues are also important concerns. Detention is reportedly still a risk for  many IDPs staying at different temporary sites, the large presence of munitions and UXOs in public places  and residential areas.  Lack of civil documentation, family separation, widespread traumatization and high  prevalence of persons with special needs are also important protection concerns. ",4
9824,2.2 million children suffering from GAM (1 in 6 children),8
1855,"Twenty-one health facilities (43 per cent) are fully functional with staff at the facility and have available water and electricity; 19 (39 per cent) are partially functional providing limited services or operating out of alternative sites.  The remaining nine facilities (18 per cent) are non-functional. Most health facilities have a generator installed; however, challenges persist with fuel and capacity for 24/7 functioning. There is a dire need for reproductive health medicines and supplies; UNFPA is supporting the Ministry of Health in this area.",4
10333,"The IDPs in the areas lack Water, Shelter, medical services, food assistance and are at risks of evictions as they live in privately owned land hindering the setting up of basic infrastructure to ease the situation. n. They live in very wanting and overcrowded makeshift shelter exposing them to adverse weather conditions of scorching sun and cold nights. Disease outbreak is very likely to erupt due to congestion, lack of latrines and access to safe water. They are forced to buy water from the neighbors which is approximately 3,000 Somali Shillings. ",11
6545,"New flooding appeared on the night between Saturday and Sunday 26/27 August in downtown Freetown, and has flooded a health centre, the bridge and a school at Kroo Bay. One person is reported dead and two injured. The WHO team has assessed the damage to Kroo Bay Health Facility where flooding waters destroyed health records, drugs and supplies, mosquito net stock piles and medical equipment. WHO and the Ministry of Health and Sanitation is working to meet immediate health needs in the community including replenishment of supplies and redirection of services. Mental health nurses provide psychosocial support including trauma counselling and referrals in all affected areas. Enhanced surveillance is ongoing for key priority diseases.",4
7566,"? By early 2016, advances by the Nigerian military and the Multi-National Joint Task Force—comprising forces from Benin, Cameroon, Chad, Niger, and Nigeria—had recovered large swathes of territory from Boko Haram in Nigeria, revealing acute food insecurity and malnutrition in newly accessible areas. Insecurity, including attacks by Boko Haram and the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria–West Africa, continues to restrict access to basic services, and both displaced people and vulnerable host communities are in need of emergency food assistance, safe drinking water, and relief commodities, as well as health, nutrition, protection, shelter, and WASH interventions.",1
11042,"In addition, the committee said that there are currently 6,500 Palestinian prisoners inside Israeli jails, including 64 women and girls, 350 boys and about 500 under administrative detention. According to the committee the arbitrary measures taken against Palestinians prisoners have increased, noting that Israel has ratified about 15 laws which “violate” the rights of Palestinian prisoners. The committee reiterated that the overwhelming majority of Palestinian prisoners are civilians and they were arrested in areas under full control of the Palestinian Authority. In its statement the committee said that the increasing number of raids on prisons have meant living conditions inside these prisons have deteriorated, as has the health of sick prisoners.",9
3591,"Food and nutrition security situation in Somalia is not likely to improve before the end of the year or January 2018, the UN humanitarian agency said on Tuesday.Severe drought is expected to continue to deepen till the start of the next rainy season in October and an improvement in the food security and nutrition situation is not likely before December/January,' the UN said. ",3
8364,"A significant increase in child protection concerns were registered in 2016 compared to the previous two years (see figure 3 below). Among others, this has been attributed to the negative coping mechanisms by families affected by the El Niño associated drought, which left children at risk of abuse, neglect, violence and exploitation. Even though March 2017 marked the end of the Humanitarian Response Plan (HRP), this trend is worrying given that some communities that were hardest hit by the drought were also affected by flooding.",9
5477,"The limited access to marshes and inputs, the persistence of plant diseases and pests (cassava mosaic, banana BXW, autumn corn caterpillar) as well as pressure from returnees limit the contribution of the 2017C season to safety households whose food stocks from the 2017 season crops are depleted with September, household incomes remain low to feed on local markets, which are themselves poorly supplied due to the lack of foreign exchange and the depreciation of the Burundi Franc.",3
5544,"Most foreign embassies, the United Nations, the International Committee of the Red Cross and other international agencies were forced to withdraw their international staff and to mostly operate remotely, starting in 2014, due to the deteriorating security situation.  Operating in Libya remains hazardous and unpredictable, due to multiple factors such as presence of mines and explosive devices, threats of abductions and the kidnapping of international personnel, proliferation of armed groups with no clear chain of command, and continued conflict and violence.The main causes for access restrictions, as reported to the Special Rapporteur, are periodic clashes among armed groups, the existence of unexploded ordnance and landmines, bureaucratic and varying procedures imposed on the movements of humanitarian organizations, lack of authority in some areas, and inaccessibility due to besiegement and remoteness. The situation of those in hard-to-reach locations remains extremely difficult to assess and is a major cause for concern.",9
1009,"Cases of cholera, designated by the Government of Sudan as acute watery diarrhoea, in the eastern Red Sea state have emerged in the area of Emour in El Ganab locality. 'But there is a lack of qualified health facilities and medical staff in El Ganab,' journalist Osman Hashim reported to Radio Dabanga. He said that a company has refused to receive patients to its hospital in Salloum, under the pretext that the contagious disease is not spreading. He explained that the company, named Oriab, has provided an ambulance to transport patients to Port Sudan. ",4
11528,"Protracted displacement has disrupted traditional livelihood activities and eroded community resilience to withstand shocks. Displaced people are more vulnerable due to theirreduced access to natural resources such as land and water, and a chronic shortage of basic services. Conflict impacts pastoralists’ traditional migration routes and farmers’ capacity to transport their crops. Newly displaced people lose their livelihood opportunities. As a result they seek safety, food, water, shelter, healthcare, education for their children and new livelihoods.",1
3151,Many young children do not speak Arabic and therefore cannot access schools after arriving in GoS areas.,2
4527,"Five people die of 'watery diarrhoea' spreading in Central Darfur Five people reportedly died of what is suspected to be cholera in Nierteti in Central Darfur on Monday. A team of doctors has not yet been able to reach the affected villages.   Two people died from similar symptoms of acute watery diarrhoea or cholera in the last week. Nierteti Hospital’s designated isolation ward received a number of patients during the weekend, volunteers in the hospital told Radio Dabanga.  Fifteen cases of cholera or diarrhoea arrived from the villages of Ketzuela, Kurna, Mara and Kutrem, bringing the total number of cases in the hospital to 53 on Monday.",4
2587,"Activists say a shell fired by government forces landed at the gate of the school in Jisreen, a town in the Eastern Ghouta area. The attack comes two days after schoolchildren fled when a kindergarten in the nearby town of Kfar Batna was bombed. Video showed them running terrified into surrounding streets. Today's attack in rebel-held Jisreen, outside the city of Damascus, was reported by the Ghouta Media Center and a Syrian human rights group. 'A shell fired by regime troops hit the entrance of a school in Jisreen just as children were leaving it, killing five people including four schoolchildren,' the head of the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, Rami Abdel Rahman, said.",9
6783,"Hama Health Directorate declared that the hospital was completely out of service. This is the fourth hospital to be put out of service in the Hama governorate in the past month due to a heavy aerial bombardment, leaving hundreds of thousands of civilians without access to the health services. ",4
6909,2 M Out of school children representing 27% of the children at the age of schooling,2
10658,"A member of the Colombian Red Cross takes care of a woman who fainted while queueing to stamp her passport, at an emergencies attention center in Cucuta, Feb. 13, 2018.'We are not prepared for an onslaught of patients. We could collapse at any time,' he told VOA.By December, the hospital accumulated a $3 million debt for treating Venezuelans, and 'we still haven't received a peso from the ministry of health,' Ramirez told IRIN, a news agency that covers humanitarian issues.Colombia's health ministry had pledged extra funds to deal with the migrant influx.With stocks of medicine depleted, infectious diseases such as malaria and measles are spreading alarming Colombian health officials.Those in the northeast Colombian province of Norte de Santander, of which Cucuta is the capital, announced last month that they were planning measures such as vaccination and mosquito fumigation campaigns to control the spread of disease and create 'an epidemiological fence,' as El Colombiano newspaper reported.United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres assured Colombia that the Andean country could count on the organization to provide more resources to care for Venzuelan migrants. During a visit in January, Guterres praised Colombia's humanitarian efforts and said, '… We are even willing to mobilize other international help as is possible",4
126,"Displacement out of east and west Mosul continues as the lack of services, exorbitant rentals and food costs force families towards IDP camps. Others have been displaced towards camps located in the north of Mosul in the hope of being allowed to return to areas of origin such as Zummar, Shikhan and Rabia, where reportedly the process for return registration in camps will start soon.",10
11104,"3413 005 IPC Phase 2 1, 727710 IPC Phase 3 681 972 IPC Phase 4 ",3
3448,"Lenku said malnutrition rates went up among children after pastoralists in Kajiado West, parts of Central and East sub-counties moved to Kyulu areas with their livestock.“The situation indeed is dire. Women and children were left at home as the livestock moved out in search of grass. They cannot even get access to goat’s milk.' ",3
3567,Emergency level of food insecurity (IPC Phase 4) will persist as fighting continues to affect humanitarian assistance and trade flows. The analysis published in August said conflict is disrupting typical agricultural activities in all regions of South Sudan with regions known for producing staple crops hardest hit. ,3
10107,"Critics say the edict, issued without prior public debate in July, is perhaps the most significant step yet by Abbas' government to restrict freedom of expression in the autonomous Palestinian enclaves of the Israeli-occupied West Bank",9
3,"Approximately 30 per cent of existing boreholes are non-functional mainly due to a lack of maintenance and missing spare parts. People continue to use unclean water for drinking, washing and cooking; including sharing water sources with animals, resulting in increased cases of diarrhoea and other water borne diseases. The PDNA estimated that less than 20 percent of communities have access to safe water.",11
2755,"Humanitarian needs in western Mosul remain high, with shortages of food and water being reported. Although some areas of western Mosul are accessible to humanitarian partners, regular water supply has been very severely impact by the conflict resulting in serious shortages of water supplies of acceptable quality.",9
621,"Our humanitarian colleagues today tell us they are concerned over the hostilities mainly targeting east Harasta, Misraba, Modira and Duma in the besieged eastern Ghouta area of Syria. In addition to death and injury, shelling reportedly resulted in restricted movement between towns, the suspension of school exams and limited access to local markets.",5
8246,"Fuel scarcity continues in most parts of the country, with further rise in prices: In February, the fuel remained scarce in most parts of the country, except in major towns such as Juba and Wau, where temporary improvements were observed in the availability of fuel at refilling stations. Compared to the previous month, retail prices of petrol increased by 40% to 58% in Yida, Bor and Warrap, while other monitored markets experienced price increases of up to 30%. Diesel prices have also increased significantly; highest increases were noted in Rumbek (75%) and Bor (57%), while increases have also been observed in the range of 17-25% in other markets. Among the different markets, the price of petrol per litre was the lowest in Juba at SSP 222 and the highest in Warrap (SSP 277) followed by Yida (SSP 225). The retail prices of diesel range from SSP 22 in Juba to at SSP 107 in Yida. Compared to a year ago, there has been a very high increase in fuel prices – for instance, the price of diesel has increased by 445% in Yida, 280% in Aweil, and 272% in Bor.",3
5741,"Since the start of the year, 107 suspected Lassa fever infections and 16 deaths have been recorded in 10 states, the Government said on 24 January. Sixty-one of the cases have been confirmed. Ten health workers have been infected with the virus. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control has activated its emergency operations centre to coordinate response, and deployed rapid response teams in the four most affected states.",4
10505,"Tombura State authorities say over 800 civilians who were displaced by violence in Lol State are in dire need of humanitarian assistance.According to the officials, this is the group from which 14 people, mostly children died from fatigue while fleeing the renewed fighting in Raja.The Commissioner of Nagero County in Tombura State told Eye Radio that the IDPs – who are mainly women and Children are in need of water, food and shelter.“They lack basic needs generally; no water, the only water that they were actually getting is from the well,” said Balia Digido.He said the vulnerable people are surviving on mangoes and little support from the host communities:",10
2056,"The trend in the number of cholera cases reported in the past four weeks has been on the decline, with only 102 cases reported in the first week of August compared to 219 cases in the first week of July. Active transmission is currently ongoing in Eastern Equatoria (Kapoeta South, Kapoeta East and Kapoeta North), Warrap (Tonj East), Lakes (Yirol East and Yirol West), Jonglei (Nyirol, Ayod and Duk) and Central Equatoria (Juba). As of 20 August 2017, 15,882 cholera cases and 274 cholera-related deaths have been reported, with a case fatality rate of 1.7 per cent. Since the beginning of the current outbreak in June 2016, South Sudan has seen more than 19,846 cases of cholera and 355 deaths. Six new cases of measles were reported in August, with total of 1,025 measles cases and 24 deaths recoded in 2017 (case fatality rate at 2.3 per cent).",4
7961,"Simultaneous humanitarian crises had a major impact on children and families in Niger in December and throughout 2017. Niger faced epidemic outbreaks, including meningitis C, measles and hepatitis E virus (HEV), humanitarian consequences of insecurity in the South East and North West of the country, and the humanitarian consequences of forced return from Algeria and Libya, as well as acute malnutrition throughout the country. Direct attacks by Boko Haram continued in the Diffa region, with violence against local communities and school canteen looting. Threats of humanitarian staff kidnapping led to a restriction of humanitarian movements in the field. In 2017, OCHA reported a total of 141 civilians affected, 60 people kidnapped (43 children), 10 schools and 10 health centers attacked. Nevertheless, authorities and humanitarian community have already agreed on the need to scale up the analysis and planning for longer term, resilience-building interventions. In Tillabery and Tahoua regions the security measures in place since March 2017 continue to worsen the structural vulnerabilities of the communities, and the expansion of military presence increases the risk of major displacements, and even though it has not yet the case, the humanitarian community keeps a contingency plan updated and is ready to be activated should the intervention threshold be exceeded. In terms of outbreaks, in December 3,506 cases of meningitis were reported in 2 health districts with 232 deaths. The Ministry organized a partial vaccination response with the pre-positioned but insufficient vaccines. The vaccination reached 38,525 people aged 2 to 29 years. By mid-February the vaccination will be completed with the new vaccines procured by the Ministry with UNICEF support for the submission of the request to ICG. As for hepatitis E, 2,145 cases (39 deaths) have been registered in 2018 with a continue decrease since July, and only 25 cases in December. Finally, measles has not been registered in December but UNICEF supported the Regional Health Department for the organization of supplementary immunization activities against measles to reach over 52,592 in departments affected by the humanitarian crisis and with low vaccination coverage. Agadez region continued to receive migration flows of people in transit either towards or from Algeria and Libya. In December, 23 unaccompanied children, forced returnees from Algeria, have been supported including 16-year old girl, mother of two children aged 7 months and 3 years. The assistance included psychosocial support, food, health check-ups, facilitation of communication with families, NFI kits and support for transport to rejoin their families accompanied by social workers. Since the beginning of the year UNICEF, in collaboration with IOM and the regional decentralized technical services, has supported 76 children among forcibly returned migrants from Algeria. Following the decision of the Government of Niger to accept the transit of a certain number of migrant (asylum seekers), including children, coming back from detention in Libya, who suffered most horrible acts of torture, UNHCR is working on durable solution for their possible resettlement in Europe or North America and for the granting of refugee status. UNHCR approached UNICEF to support up to 70 children in alternative care centers originally set up for other categories of vulnerable children. In collaboration with UNHCR and COOPI, in December UNICEF supported 67 boys (54 from Eritrea and 13 from Somalia) and 5 girls in three alternative care centers. They received medical assistance, food, psychosocial support as well as recreational activities. UNHCR was working for a durable solution for 217 adults and 105 children, however the process for children is complex. The Best Interest Determination process (BID) takes time and efforts and future host countries have to ensure their agreement to receive unaccompanied children with no family members outside of Eritrea and Somalia.",1
8658,"Between 20 and 26 February, 288 cases of measles were recorded in the south-eastern Tanganyika province. They include 84 cases and 40 deaths among internally displaced people from the Twa community in Kansimba health district. An international NGO is running mobile clinics to attend to cases and offer primary healthcare. A vaccination campaign is being planned for the entire province. ",4
2734,"The crisis has severely disrupted the agriculture sector. Ongoing conflict, displacement and limited access to farmland and fishing sites continue to cause significant losses. Limited access to water supplies for irrigation as well as shortages of seeds and fertilizers have crippled crop production. ",11
742,"The two hospitals in Idleb were providing almost 10 000 consultations per month, as well as more than 200 major surgeries and 600 deliveries. One of the hospitals was a key referral hospital for comprehensive emergency obstetric care. In addition, an attack on a mobile clinic in the Jishr-Ash-Shugur area of Idleb deprives more than 3500 patients of access to essential basic healthcare.  ",9
7397,"The eastern districts of Bududa and Sironko near Mount Elgon in Bugishu sub region were simultaneously hit by a low intensity landslide on the 27th and 28th August respectively. It claimed one life and left over 10 people unaccounted for according to reports from district authorities. In Bududa district, three villages in Bulucheke Sub-County are reported to be the most affected. According to district officials, houses have been knocked down, livestock buried and at least 200 people from forty families displaced. The affected villages are Marobo and Shikhuyu in Buluchecke Sub-county and Nabutsasi in Bumayoka Sub-county. In Sironko district, according to local leaders,the landslides hit mainly residents of Masaba Village in Masaba Sub-county where at least one person was reported killed while 10 were missing and several properties including houses, animals and crops were buried. The Uganda Red Cross society is conducting a rapid assessment to determine the extent of loss and immediate needs for the affected communities.",0
836,"The EU’s emergency response to the 2015 refugee crisis, by creating arrival ‘hotspots’ in Greece and Italy, has left reception centres that are “not yet adequate”, according to a damning new report by the EU Court of Auditors. ",1
8539,"As of 14 October, 874 isolated people were reported, 12 communities without access, 7 sheltered established, 87 sheltered communities, 40 communities without water, 1 community without electricity, 2,160 of food kits distributed, and 900 food kits and 8,760 liters of water in stock.",11
10773,"In Kachin and Shan, the majority of IDPs, particularly in areas beyond the Government control, continue to rely on humanitarian support and facilities available in China as their access to health services and referral systems in Myanmar remains limited. Access constraints faced by organizations working to establish functional referral systems equate to a serious health risk for the affected population. In mid-2017, only 33 per cent of the target population in Kachin and 93 per cent in Shan had access to basic health care, largely due to logistical and security constraints, inadequate facilities, medical supplies and skilled staff.",4
9096,"Since mid-December, unidentified assailants have killed more than 260 people and burned thousands of homes in the Democratic Republic of Congo’s northeastern Djugu territory in Ituri province. The atrocities we have documented include massacres, rapes, and decapitation. ",9
5057,"Before the outbreak was confirmed, local health officials reported 21 patients showing signs of hemorrhagic fever around the village of Ikoko Impenge, near the town of Bikoro. Seventeen of those later died.",4
9460,Floods have hit Yemen's capital Sanaa less than a week after severe thunderstorms caused flash flooding in the city's suburbs.,4
10879,"According to the UN’s emergency aid coordination body, OCHA, as of December 2017, only around 400 of South Sudan’s 1,900 medical facilities are fully operational. ",4
4182,"Routine vaccination rates are reported to be very low in northern Rakhine (e.g. <70% coverage against measles 1 or 2), a reflection of a higher risk of outbreaks from expanded program on immunizationassociated diseases. • Sub-optimal hygiene, water and sanitation, and shelter, increases risk of water-borne and vector-borne diseases, while reproductive health remains a major public health issue. • Cholera is known to be endemic in Bangladesh2 and the risk of cholera epidemic among refugees can be considered high. • Traumatic injuries and gender based violence are being reported. • There is concern for nutritional status of younger children.",4
11007,"From February through December 2016, Syrian authorities prevented the delivery of more than 300,000 medical treatments to besieged and hard-to-reach areas",4
2126,"In the Mahafaly Plain: Cassava, Goats and Cattle (MG 23), food consumption will improve compared to February as the very poor will be able to access green maize and pulses from the new harvest. Consumption of wild foods will reduce but will still provide an important food source for poor households. Sales of wild foods will also reduce but will still likely contribute significantly to income for poor households. But below average production is expected which will also reduce cash income for poor households to meet non-food needs. GAM prevalence will likely remain between 7 and 8 percent according to past reference years so the zone may remain in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) between April and May 2018. From June onwards, staple consumption will improve with the availability of stocks from harvests and the resulting lower market prices. Food gaps will be reduced but will remain present because of the expected below average harvests and lower than usual household income. For poor households, activities related to agricultural will be intensified. Most households in this livelihood zone will experience Stressed (IPC Phase 2) food security outcomes between June and September 2018.",5
4616,"Shelter conditions and non-food items are deplorable. The displaced have often fled leaving all their belongings behind. Houses and fields were ransacked and looted during the conflict. People lack shelters and essential household items (blankets, mattresses, buckets, cooking utensils, soap, etc.). Housing conditions are often precarious and many houses have been abandoned with roofs in poor condition. Displaced women face daily violations of their rights. Many people have fled without extra clothes and basic items (hygiene etc.). Many women fled without their husbands, finding themselves alone with children, sometimes sleeping on the ground. The risk of sexual and gender-based violence is particularly high in the context of displacement. In addition, displaced women tend to be targeted by such violence every day, especially those with little or no income.",7
1834,"The killer escaped the scene before the arrival of the Police officers, who carried out an investigation into the incident. This was the latest in series of attacks on IDPs in Somalia.",9
9201,"The director of the Health Service Department in Sabha, Adel Awaidat, demanded state authorities to pay urgent attention to the health sector in Sabha and in the south in general, especially after the recent conflict that broke out in the city. The call came after the spread of parasitic and infectious diseases such as scabies among the displaced persons who are residing schools after fleeing their homes in the recent clashes. Awaidat warned that that there is fear of the spreading of the disease on a wider scale if preventive measures were not taken. He added that they have addressed the Ministry of Health in Tripoli and the Municipality of Sabha as well as some oil companies to provide the necessary support and to make a stand towards the city. Scabies, also known as the seven-year itch, is a contagious skin infestation by the mite Sarcoptes scabiei. The most common symptoms are severe itchiness and a pimple-like rash.",4
11550,"In March 2018, the national average retail prices of wheat flour, sugar, vegetable oil, and red beans were 57%, 39%, 35%, and 100%, respectively, higher than in precrisis period. Between February and March 2018, average prices of wheat flour and red beans slightly increased by 1%, and vegetable oil by 2.5%, while sugar prices remained unchanged (Chart 2). The continued high and rising of food prices mainly caused by the poor supply offood commodities in local markets as well as many other factors that reportedly include lack of foreign currency in banks and heavy reliance of importers on parallel foreign exchange markets; rapidly depreciating of the Yemeni Riyal; high demurrage charges on importers due to long delays of offloading shipments at ports; hoarding of commodities and speculation of prices by opportunistic traders; continued double customs taxation in Sana’a on commodities coming through southern ports; increased transportation costs due to shortages and high prices of fuel; and movement restrictions and insecurity associated with the ongoing conflicts and airstrikes that resulted in disintegration of markets. The northern governorates including Taiz, Hajja, Hodieda, Sa’ada, Sana’a, and Al Baidha are particularly affected by the combined impacts of double taxation, and escalated conflicts/airstrikes, and thus continued to suffer from higher prices of basic commodities compared to those in the south.",3
1936,"During the past decade, maternal and newborn mortality in Timor-Leste has experienced a notable decline . Improvements have been made, but still an estimated 2702 women die in pregnancy or childbirth for every 100,000 live births: 243 neonates die around the time of birth for every 1,000 live births. These indices are unacceptably high and reflect the limited quality and availability of maternal and newborn health services in the country.",4
6413,"As a consequence of the continuation of the intense rains, during February and March, emergencies related to floods and landslides have occurred, mainly on the north coast of the country. According to official figures at the date of this report, at least 894.403 people are reported as affected and 132.779 are severely affected.",10
7932,"The Tatmadaw said it had not destroyed any private property in the village. It said the KIA had withdrawn from its base near Awng Lawt. All property was intact except for some homes that had been burned down by the KIA as it was withdrawing from the village, the army said in its announcement.The KIA denied the accusation that it had burned homes.KIA spokesperson Colonel Naw Bu said the KIA would never destroy the homes of its own people. He accused the Tatmadaw of lying. ",10
1282,"Inflation: the year- on-year general inflation based on the Consumer Price Index (CPI) was 15.2 percent in March 2018. Food inflation was higher and stood at 19.9 percent. CPI increased compared to last year but showed slight decline from the previous month; the previous month increase in CPI, 15.6 percent, was a record high in five years. Inflationary pressure has remained in the double digits for the last eight months despite plans to keep it under 10 percent. • Food Prices: Despite grain production increase from the previous year, nominal wholesale maize prices in March 2018 increased compared to prices in March 2017, by up to 56 percent. 2017 maize prices were already high compared to the previous 5 years (by 25% on average). It is alarming that 2018 maize prices are even higher than the 2017 prices. (EGTE data) • WFP monitoring shows, month-on-month, nominal retail maize price revealed a mixed picture declining in deficit areas of Oromia, which may be associated with the restoration of calm, while increasing in surplus producing areas, in accordance with increase in wholesale prices. In general, prices in March continued to increase steadily according to CSA price report. • Terms of Trade (ToT): The Terms of Trade between an average sheep/goat and maize was between 73 kg of maize in Yabelo (Borena, Oromia region) and 143 kg in Asayita (Afar region). The labor wage to maize ToT declined in the monitored markets compared to ToT in March 2017. This is not surprising given grain price increases. ToT is relatively better for casual laborers in Hawzein and Korem while it is low in Mechara and Deder markets. ",3
3683,"At least 179 people, almost half of them children, have died of meningitis since January in Niger, where some 3 000 suspected cases have been reported",4
3524," The April to June Gu season is currently forecast to be slightly below average. Terms of trade in southern regions are expected to decline significantly, and may be only slightly better than 2011 levels. Terms of trade in northern regions will be slightly more favorable, given stable rice prices",3
4384,"Critical GAM above 30% in Parts of Turkana (Turkana North), Marsabit (North Horr) and Mandera counties. Critical GAM levels of between 15 and 30% inBaringo (East Pokot), Turkana (Turkana South, West and Central) and Isiolo counties. Serious GAM levels of between 10 and 15% in Tana River county, Altert level of between 5 and 10% in Tharaka Nithi county Conditions are expected to worsen in ASAL counties until April 2017. 343,559 malnourished, MAM of 268,549 and SAM 75,010. ",8
562,"Cooperative farms operating in North Korea’s northernmost provinces are facing increasing difficulties in obtaining fertilizers, seed, and equipment, with the most successful among them helped only by investments from China, sources say.  Nearly 35 percent of the collective farms operating in the country’s North Hamgyong province have now entered cooperative arrangements with Chinese companies, a source in the province told RFA’s Korean Service.",5
11026,"The lack of sufficiently specialized services to refer persons with specific needs remains a challenge. While coordination needs to be strengthened amongst the existent service providers supported by protection actors, the high turnover of IDPs in the transit sites makes it more difficult to follow up on cases “on the move”, once they are referred.",1
11868,"he United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) reported that as of December 2017, at least 20 percent of the country’s 1,900 medical facilities1 had closed and about 50 percent were functioning at extremely limited capacity (e.g., with severe shortages of medicines, equipment, and staff).2 Only about 400 health facilities were fully operational.3 More than 7 million of South Sudan’s 12 million people were in need of humanitarian aid,4 and about 70 percent of South Sudanese lacked access to adequate health care.5",4
3076,"Signatory armed groups have opposed the full participation of splinter groups in the structures established by the agreement. A coalition of such groups, the Coordination des Mouvements de l’Entente, was invited to participate as observers in an April meeting of the Commission Technique de Sécurité chaired by MINUSMA’s Force Commander.",9
1373,"Overall, food is scarce, and individuals are reportedly coping with food shortages by eating one to two meals per day, with widespread cases of malnourishment reported. • Between 10-20% of shops and markets are reportedly open – but most goods are very expensive. Food and NFIs are smuggled in from outside of ISIL territory, particularly from Shirqat. Trade routes within ISIL-controlled territory have been severely affected since the start of the 2016 ISF offensive on Mosul and the surrounding areas, which has caused shortages of many items and driven up prices. • A majority of those living in villages are at least partly relying on subsistence farming; however, agricultural capacity has been severely affected, with many fields left fallow due to a lack of resources – mainly seeds and water. • People had stockpiled stores of food from when trade routes remained open in 2016, but many of those stores are either exhausted or running extremely low. • Respondents reported that people are becoming ill from expired food.",3
3307,"The total number of People in Need (PiN) for WASH in 2017 is 1.45 million, of which 90% are from Gaza and the remaining 10% are from the West Bank and East Jerusalem. 85% of the total PiN are suffering from poor water quality. Approximately 265,0001 children are in need of structured psychosocial support and child protection interventions.",9
4500,"An increase in the number of attacks on infrastructure (i.e. electricity, water, gas) resulted in interruption of vital services that affects millions of people in both Government and non-Government Controlled Areas. ",4
6653,"Among the critical damages observed in these areas are loss of subsistence crops and household food supplies due to flooding, with food prices in local markets increasing. Moreover, food availability could be a challenge in some remote areas cut off by damaged roads. At present, households are estimated to have two to three weeks of food stocks remaining.",3
11630,"Torrential rains in Bujumbura have caused the diversion of the Mutimbizi river from its bed on 28 April 2018, leading to flooding in Buterere zone of Ntahangwa urban commune in Bujumbura Mayorship. As of 30 April 2018, two deaths have been reported, about 3 000 people have been internally displaced (more than 60% are children),and 216 houses have been destroyed. Buterere was also affected by flooding on 16 March 2018 (14 deaths), along with another zone, Gasenyi where 7 people died. There are potential risks of cholera and malaria outbreaks in Bujumbura Mayorship.",4
4947,"While rains provided the much needed relief to people, there were prolonged power outages and electricity breakdown in the districts like Thatta, Mirpurkhas, Tharparkar and Hyderabad that again compounded their miseries.",7
1374,"The intelligence officers of the occupying Sinhala military occupying Keappaa-pulavu, a village situated along Nanthik-kadal lagoon in Mullaiththeevu, have instructed the Rural Development Society leaders and a section of the uprooted people, stating that there should be no protests, especially during the visit of SL President Maithiripala Sirisena by the uprooted people who remain dumped in a slum-settlement created by the SL military, which has seized their village. The intelligence officers have even named the persons who could be protesting, the RDS representatives said. ",9
4247,"Price levels of the basket of goods have decreased and stabilised following the end of the economic blockade imposed in November 2017. Nevertheless, as of March 2018, price levels for all goods remain above the baseline prices recorded in September 2017.",3
5388,"In Lafon town, the population reported their main needs to be food and non-food items (NFIs), specifically household items. In Taar boma, access to safe water was also cited as a main need by the population. ",11
8845,"Food availability and access: Despite it being the lean season (December to March), there is a stable supply of food across most of the country due to the above-average 2016/17 crop production, and food access from local markets for poor households is favorable given the average to below-average staple food prices. Local markets are adequately supplied with locally produced food commodities, such as cereals (mainly maize grain), locally produced legumes from local lowlands areas, various leaves (pumpkin, cabbage, sweet potato), and other food commodities, such as fresh and dry cassava , sweet potatoes, and a number of processed products (sugar, cooking oil, maize meal, rice, etc.). Staple food prices, particularly maize grain, are following an atypical trend for this time of the year. In most monitored markets in the central and northern regions, maize grain prices have been atypically decreasing or consistently remaining stable. From October to November, maize grain prices have only increased above the five-year average in two markets (Chókwe in Gaza and Mocuba in Zambézia), where maize grain prices increased by less than 10 percent. On average, November’s maize grain prices were 24 percent below the five-year average and 60 percent below last year’s prices. ",3
2218," Similarly, the overall human rights situation hasn’t been satisfactory due to the prevalent caste-based discrimination in society, food shortage in remote parts of the country, political interference in educational institutions, lack of implementation of the slogan “Children, as Zone of Peace” and the lack of access made available to general citizens to health services. The state is not able to appropriately pay heed to the human rights of indigenous communities, Dalit, women, senior citizens, migrant workers, gender and sexual minorities and human rights defenders due to which these communities haven’t been able to fully enjoy their human rights. Similarly, even after more than one year of devastating earthquake, the disaster affected victims are still languishing under open sky.",9
3869,"Below-average and erratic rainfall since December has resulted in strong moisture deficits, low soil moisture, and poor crop prospects across parts of northeastern Mozambique. ",0
4190,"1,5 million are food-insecure, of which 200,000 are severely food insecure. ",3
1343,"January 2015 has been characterized by intense attacks of Boko Haram members of BOKO Haram in Nigeria, Niger, Cameroon and Chad and these attacks have provoked displacements in Chad of 118,804 people according to the DTM data at the end of January 2017. These people are often with few possessions and in need of assistance in, food, water and sanitation, health services, shelter and NFIs. •Despite low intensity Boko Haram attacks on Chad, there is still security problems in Lac region, with movement restriction in some parts and there is no indication of return to the place of origin for the displaced as military operations continue. 150 host villages>> 71 formal sites and 79 host villages ",1
4539,"Shortages in food, fuel, water, electricity and cash are reported as a result of the ongoing conflict. According to the World Bank, the armed conflict has cut the income per capita of Libyan households in more than half, falling to less than USD 4,500 in 2015 from almost USD 13,000 in 2012.",5
2017,The state government also announced that more than 140 farmers took their lives between October and December 2016 because of crop failure. ,0
11149,"Seven KIA soldiers killed, four posts conquered in latest hostilities: military More Kachin Independence Army (KIA) outposts near the Lai Hpawng position that the ethnic armed group previously held in Waingmaw township, Kachin State, were captured by Burma Army troops on Sunday, according to the military.",4
5938,"Israeli occupation authorities have issued 40 administrative detention orders against Palestinian prisoners in the first 10 days of October, Quds Press reported today. The Palestinian Prisoner Club (PPC) said in a statement that the Israeli occupation authorities issued 16 new administrative detention orders and renewed 24 others. It said that the 40 administrative detentions ranged between three to six months, noting that some of those who had their detention orders renewed spent years under administrative detention inside the occupation’s jails.Israel keeps the reason these prisoners are detained as a “secret”.",9
8998,"According to latest reports, majority of agriculture losses have been confirmed for the production of plantain, tubers, grains, fruits and in the poultry sector. This continues creating serious gaps in food availability (especially eggs), both for human and animal consumption. A drop in potato production is expected, given the significant damage suffered by the cooperative “El Sordo” (Matanzas province), among the most profitable in the production of this crop. Reports about soil conditions continue to confirm severe damage: problems of leveling, compaction and salinization, resulting from the floods occurred. Despite the arduous recovery work in place, challenges persist for the livelihoods of people engaged in agriculture, livestock and fishing, as well as in the distribution, commerce and gastronomy infrastructure. Gaps in the availability of fertilizers and herbicides are being reported.",5
11535,"Since the start of the year, a total of 78,240 cumulative cases of AWD/cholera recorded from health facilities across the country and 1,159 deaths have been reported in 55 districts of 16 regions across Somalia.",4
4898,"Many people in remote areas are still dying needlessly four months into Yemen’s cholera outbreak, warns international medical organisation Médecins Sans Frontières/Doctors Without Borders (MSF). The number of new cases may have started to slow, but unless levels of aid are urgently increased and a preventive approach taken at the community level, people will continue to die from this disease.",4
4408,"Young women in the camp generate income through prostitution where 90% of the young women are into it. This has resulted in early child bearing, dropping out of school. One of the women failed to hold on to her tears when she narrated how her 15 year daughter left home and started prostitution I quote ‘ my daughter left at a very young age of 13 and now she is 15 to start prostitution, I tried as a mother to pump some sense in her but her response was how will I survive without food and some basic needs? My friends laugh at me and there is an opportunity I can use to make money’ and then she left. The mother has now abandoned the girl and with tears in her eyes she said she does not count her as a daughter anymore",9
1407,"Vice president Dr Saulos Chilima visisted the disaster area on Sunday and called for transparency and accountability in identifying and registering affected households in Kaliyeka where 1,000 people have been displaced and 202 households have been affected.",1
6631,"The tornado, lasting some 10 minutes, blew off roofs from several homes and caused trees to fall onto city streets.A tornado swept through ?ông Hà City in Qu?ng Tr? Province on Saturday afternoon, though no injuries were reported.",10
5941,"In 2016, there were 256 education-related violations affecting 29,230 students across the Occupied Palestinian Territory. These threats include: threats of violence and harassment from Israeli settlers or soldiers on the journey to school, military activity in or around their schools, military or police arresting and detaining children from their classrooms, lost time due to the closure of a military area or firing zone, delays crossing checkpoints, threats of destruction and demolition of schools and stop work orders.",2
11226,"Although the event is ongoing, sustained declines in case incidence suggests the outbreak is drawing to a close. ",4
10695,"One year after the passage of Hurricane Matthew, nearly 1 million people are still in need of some form of humanitarian assistance. The humanitarian situation in Haiti, however, notably evolved in 2017: 1.32 million people were estimated to be living in severe food insecurity compared to the 1.5 million in the previous year, there was a 67% decrease in the total number of suspected cases of cholera in comparison with 2016 and the cumulative number of migrants deported or who spontaneously returned from Dominican Republic since July 2015 increased from 158,800 in December 2016 to 230,300 in October 2017. The combined effects of these recurrent needs prevent the country’s full recovery and continue to weaken its resilience against future shocks and stresses.",3
1127,"Measles: A total of 2 320 cases including 5 deaths have been reported from 13 wilayas: El Oued, Ouargla, Illizi, Tamanrasset, Biskra, Tebessa, Relizane, Tiaret, Constantine,Tissemsilt, Medea, Alger, and El-Bayadh.",4
4009,The outbreak of dengue haemorrhagic fever in Tehkal area has set alarm bells ringing at health department amid reports of two deaths in the provincial metropolis by the ailment caused by bite of mosquito.,4
846,"'We live in tough times. It’s very cold and we don't have money to buy wood to heat the house. Our kids suffer a lot,' a patient in one of the underground hospitals told Al Jazeera. ",7
2219," Forecasts point to production recovery in 2017, but army worm outbreak and heavy rains likely to restrain bigger gains",3
8090,"Following reports of intense fighting in Upper Nile state, South Sudan, UNHCR and COR led a mission to Abu Jubaiha, South Kordofan to receive new arrivals and conduct a rapid needs assessment. An interagency response plan is being developed with partners in South Kordofan and a rapid inter-agency assessment mission to border entry points and settlements in Abu Jubaiha locality is planned for 1 May. UNHCR and COR have identified the need for a new reception centre in Gedeid or Sirajiya, two key areas where refugees are crossing the border into Sudan and arriving in increasing numbers, and where scale-up of reception services is needed",1
9558,"recent video footage of African migrants being sold as “goods” in the country, is actively pursuing the matter with the Libyan authorities to set up transparent monitoring mechanism that safeguard migrants against horrific human rights abuses.",9
10558,"This briefing explores the violations that continue to force Rohingya families to leave Myanmar, as well as the abuse they face while in flight. A shortage of food is the most common reason new arrivals give for fleeing, as deliberate actions by the Myanmar authorities, including denial of access to rice fields and markets as well as restrictions on aid access, are in effect starving out many Rohingya who have tried to remain in their villages.While the most acute period of direct violence against Rohingya women, men, and children occurred between late August and late September, the security forces’ ongoing actions appear designed toward the same goal: to make northern Rakhine State unliveable for the Rohingya population.",3
5805,"At the time when this allocation is launched, only 11% of the Humanitarian Response Plan worth $399.5 million has been secured. The allocation of the Humanitarian Fund will push the level of funding up to 14%. This is critical to CAR where a dire humanitarian crisis is still ongoing. CAR is the only country worldwide where half of the population owes its survival to humanitarian assistance. Therefore, an adequate level of funding of humanitarian activities remains an absolute priority. Otherwise, CAR risks relapsing into an acute crisis. In this regard, Ms. Najat Rochdi reiterated her gratitude to donors who supported the humanitarian response and renewed her call for increased funding given that the humanitarian situation is still worrying. “It is the peace process consolidation which is at stake” she added.",3
7722,"Heavy rain has been affecting the country over the past days, especially the north-western provinces, causing floods.  Local media reported, as of 24 March at 7.00 UTC, 11 deaths in the province of Luanda, several missing people, 700 houses destroyed and at least 5 300 houses flooded.",10
10701,"Cereal imports anticipated to decline in 2017 marketing year  Cereal imports for the 2017/18 marketing year (July/June) are forecast at 2.1 million tonnes, some 8 percent below last year’s high level. The negative effects of severe dry weather and Hurricane Matthew on domestic crop production caused cereal imports to increase significantly in the previous two years. Both rice and maize imports are anticipated to decline, mainly reflecting the anticipated good outputs for 2017.",3
10214,Mr Maburau said people at the care centre were also getting sick and the nearest health centre did not have any medical supplies.,4
6256,"In Ethiopia, more than 3,000 people have been affected by Acute Watery Diarrhoea and eight have died, while nearly 465,000 people suffer from scabies.",4
9345,"Despite ongoing peace efforts, daily clashes and rapid escalation of hostilities prevail, as conflict continues to claim lives and generate more needs. Shelling of critical infrastructure, such as hospitals, schools, water and energy supply systems and houses is reported almost daily. Multiple disruption of water supply alone has affected more than 3 million people since the beginning of 2017. ",4
9700,"Women are at risk of gender-based violence (GBV) perpetrated by armed groups, although GBV does not appear to be systematically or widely used by either side as a weapon of war (OHCHR 2017a; UNOCHA 2016; OSCE 2015). Human trafficking, including trafficking of women for sexual exploitation, is endemic and has been exacerbated by the conflict (OHCHR 2017b).There is some limited evidence that the conflicts may have led to an increase in the prevalence of domestic violence (UNFPA 2015; UNOCHA 2015; OSCE 2015). However, domestic violence remains largely a hidden problem and incidents frequently go unreported (UNFPA 2015).",9
8042,"Socotra:The inter-cluster assessment team that visited Qalansya District confirmed the critical need for WASH, food, non-food items and health interventions. Needs, however, stem from pre-existing vulnerabilities as no major impact resulted from the cyclone, except for limited damage to infrastructure.",4
9772,"In the first quarter of 2017, 1,1463 children arrived to Greece by sea, which is 44% decrease compared to the last quarter of 2016. A total of 182 (16%) of all child arrivals in 2017 were UASC.The majority of children arriving to Greece were from Syria, Afghanistan, Pakistan and Iraq. For UASC, most of them were from Pakistan, Syria and Afghanistan.",9
2105,Kenya to compensate drought-stricken pastoralistsPresident Uhuru Kenyatta will this week formally launch cash payouts to support Kenyan pastoralists to purchase animal feed for their stock until the current drought ends.State House Spokesperson Manoah Esipisu made the announcement Sunday when he said the government would enhance the measures to mitigate the drought affecting 23 counties.He said water trucking in the 23 counties had been enhanced and the government had rehabilitated boreholes experiencing pressure. ,5
5169,"e. There have been 2,069 reported cases of acute respiratory infections (as of 15 June 2017) thought to be directly related to the conditions in the evacuation centres.",4
501,One state (Yobe) affected by the humanitarian crisis in north eastern Nigeria is already having meningitis outbreak which is predominantly due to Neisseria meningitidis A serotype. Occurrence of meningitis outbreak within the context of the ongoing humanitarian crisis will more likely have serious consequences. ,4
10557,"At least 2,280 newly displaced households (about 11,500 people) arrived in Rokero town and nearby Jemeza village after 18 April, following fighting between armed nomads and sedentary farmer tribes. This figure is a preliminary estimate by a joint inter-agency assessment comprising government ministries, UN agencies and international NGOs that visited the area. Emergency shelter, non-food items (ES/NFIs), food and access to water and sanitation services are the priority needs of these new IDPs, according to the joint inter-agency team’s preliminary findings. ES/NFIs: The new IDPs arrived with few personal belongings and are sheltering under trees. Water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH): There is one water pump in Jemeza village, which has been repaired by the inter-agency team, which also brought some WASH materials with them. However, due to the large number of displaced, the amount of water available is below SPHERE standards.  Health and nutrition: There is no health facility in Jemeza village and the nearest health facility where IDPs can access health and nutrition services is in Rokero town. The health facility is run by the State Ministry of Health (SMoH) with support from Catholic Relief Services (CRS) and World Relief (WR). Currently, half rations of the 800 cartons of plumpy nut (nutrition supplement) available in the facility is being distributed to children under five. Nutrition screening is also being undertaken.  Education: The estimated new IDP population includes about 1,150 school-age children, who are currently out of school due to lack of education facilities in the area.  Child protection: Three children were reported missing during interviews with the displaced community.  Food security and livelihoods: There are no food supplies in the local market, and the World Food Programme (WFP) sent food supplies to Rokero on 29 April and initial food distribution for the new IDPs is scheduled for 30 April.",9
9467,"An estimated 779,000 women, girls, boys, and men living in conflict-affected areas in Myanmar are vulnerable to severe food insecurity. The main humanitarian needs include economic and physical access, as well as availability of nutritious and diversified food at household and community levels.",1
8263,"The dengue fever outbreak in Côte d’Ivoire is continuing. As of 29 August 2017, a total of 1 231 suspected cases including two deaths (case fatality rate 0.16%) have been reported since the initial cases were detected on 22 April 2017. A total of 311 cases have been confirmed by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) at the Institut Pasteur de Côte d’Ivoire (IPCI) laboratory. Of these, 181 were dengue virus serotype 2 (DENV-2), 78 were DENV-3 and 13 were DENV-1. In addition, 39 samples were confirmed IgM positive by serology. Abidjan city remains the epicentre of this outbreak, accounting for 97% of the total reported cases. The main health districts affected include Cocody, Abobo, Bingerville and Yopougon.The outbreak was confirmed by the Institut Pasteur de Côte d’Ivoire (IPCI) on 28 April 2017 and the Ministry of Health of Côte d’Ivoire notified WHO on 6 May 2017. The main predisposing factors include the ongoing rainy season, which is driving proliferation of mosquito vectors, and insufficient community awareness of the disease and prevention methods.",4
8424,"In camps/camp-like settings, IDPs had no access to food in 5 per cent of these sites. While cash (52%) and food distribution (38%) were the main sources of obtaining food in camps/camp-like settings, the frequency of food distribution is mostly irregular in 75 per cent of sites. 12 per cent of sites reported that distribution occurred once a month and 5 per cent said they have never received food or cash vouchers. In host communities,15 per cent reported no access to food. Frequency of food distribution or vouchers was irregular in 72 per cent of sites, 8 per cent reported that distribution occurred once a month and 3 per cent reported daily distribution of food. However IDPs in 15 per cent of host communities are said to have never received food distribution or vouchers. ",8
2831,"Another crisis is looming at State hospitals, after fed up nurses gave notice to the government that they would soon embark on a crippling strike — as they press for improved working conditions and the dismissal of the Health Services Board (HSB) secretariat, which they accuse of failing to act on their grievances.",4
9902,"Hikes in prices of food commodities in the markets of Borno and Yobe States as well as other parts of the country have been compounded by the ongoing economic recession, depreciation in the value of the Naira, increased cost of transportation and rising inflationary trends. ? Staple food commodities are widely available in the markets of Borno and Yobe States, with the exception of Gubio where traders reported limited availability of maize, yam, millet and fish. ? Markets in these two states are accessible throughout the year with the exception of GujbaBumsa and Geidam markets (Yobe) as well as Gubio and Magumeri (Borno) due to insecurity.",3
9342,"The chaos in the Nairobi slums of Mathare and Kibera, as well as in the opposition stronghold of Kisumu city, contrasted with widespread calm — and celebrations in some areas — in the country of 45 million after Kenya's election commission said late Friday that President Uhuru Kenyatta won a second term. Protests, often violent, began soon after voting when Kenyatta's main challenger, Raila Odinga, alleged vote-rigging.",9
9742,"Denied care: 215 patient applications (117 male; 98 female), or 11% of the total, were denied permission to cross Erez for health care in April, consistent with the denial rate for March (11%) and an increase from the denial rate for January and February (7%) and 2017 (3%). Those denied included 14 children under the age of 18 years and 12 patients aged 60 years or older. A fifth (19%) of those denied had appointments for orthopaedics, significantly higher than the overall rate of orthopaedic applications (7%). Delayed care: 735 patient applications (400 male; 335 female), or 36% of the total, were delayed access to care, receiving no definitive response to their application by the date of their hospital appointment. Of these, 147 applications were for children under the age of 18 and 85 applications were for patients aged 60 years or older. Of the 735 delayed patients, 24% had appointments for oncology treatments, 10% for cardiology, 7% for hematology, 7% for neurosurgery, and 6% for orthopaedics. About 70% of the delayed patients submitted their applications more than 15 days prior to their hospital appointment. more than 30 days prior to their hospital appointment.",4
8168,"Almost four million people require nutrition assistance in Yemen in 2017, including about 385,842 children with Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM), 1.8 million children with Moderate Acute Malnutrition (MAM) and 1.1 million PLW with acute malnutrition. Scaling up nutrition programmes remains a challenge due to limited funding and security constraints, as well as damaged health facilities and partner capacity.",8
7114,"Based on the cases documented, the report finds there are no grounds to believe that sexual violence is used for strategic or tactical ends. A number of cases, however, may amount to torture or to cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment, and some even to war crimes. The report also indicates that sexual violence is likely to be under-reported, given the stigma and trauma associated with it, as well as due to the fear of persecution.",9
6670,"Since September 2016, 1,314 suspected cases of Hepatitis E (179 in March) have been reported in the 3 health districts of Salamat, of which 201 cases were tested and 96 of these confirmed positive (positive rate of 47%), and 13 deaths reported (0 this month). Since the Ministry of Public Health officially declared a Hepatitis E epidemic in the region of Salamat, the epidemiologic surveillance has been extended to the 3 health districts and the 42 areas of responsibility of the region (12 in Aboudeia, 18 in Am Timan, and 12 in Haraze health districts). Significant decrease of jaundice cases has been noted during this month, going from 80 cases/week in February to 40 cases/week in March. The areas of responsibility of Am Timan north and Aboudeia remain the areas with the highest number of cases: 15 and 22 respectively during the last week of March. In Am Timan, the two most affected neighborhoods are Ganatir and Taradona, where a lack of good hygiene practices and sanitation facilities persist. At the end of March, MSF officially ended WASH response in Am Timan while it keeps ensuring case management at the hospital. In order to ensure continuity for the WASH activities, UNICEF has developed a partnership with Islamic Relief Worldwide for a three months period starting from April.",4
5528,"Even if killings fall back down to prior levels, however, excessive violence by Jamaica's security officers remains a major source of concern. In its 2017 State of the World's Human Rights Report, Amnesty International found that unlawful killings and extrajudicial executions continue to plague the country, while police forces still refuse to take responsibility for the human rights violations and deaths committed during a state of emergency declared in 2010.There has been growing scrutiny of how the region's flourishing private security sector can facilitate organized crime. In Rio de Janeiro, for example, authorities believe that 30 percent of weapons purchased by private security firms are eventually channeled to criminal groups. And these firms have been used as front companies for criminal networks in countries such as Honduras.There has been growing scrutiny of how the region's flourishing private security sector can facilitate organized crime. In Rio de Janeiro, for example, authorities believe that 30 percent of weapons purchased by private security firms are eventually channeled to criminal groups. And these firms have been used as front companies for criminal networks in countries such as Honduras.",9
2787,"Insects commonly known as whiteflies have ravaged more than 50,000 hectares of crop in Kailo, Kasongo, Kibombo and Pangi areas in the eastern Maniema province. Around 60 per cent of farmers have been affected by the destruction. Food scarcity could worsen in Kailo and Kibombo areas where residents are facing “emergency” levels of food insecurity.Moderate acute malnutrition in Kailo is already over 17 per cent.",5
8733,"The situation of food and nutrition insecurity has deteriorated due to chronic droughts linked to lack of rainfalls, famine (reduced productivity and increased food prices), and limited access to social services due to insecurity. The national Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) rate has increased from 7.6% in 2016 to 8.6% in 2017, while the national SAM prevalence has increased from 1.4% to 2% (National Nutrition survey, September 2017). Overall, 11 provinces (Oudalan, Kossi, Gourma, Tapoa, Tuy, Lorum, Zandoma, Seno, Soum, Yagha, Ioba) registered a GAM rate of above 10% (WHO’s critical threshold) with the highest rate in Oudalan (15%). In addition, total 620, 394 people are expected to be “food insecure” (phases 3 and 4) in 2018 (OCHA, December 2017). Based on the National Nutrition Survey results (September 2017), the estimated caseload for SAM for 2018 has increased to 187,177 under-five children (Ministry of Health) from the initial estimate of 120,000 (HAC 2018). The situation of SAM among children is particularly precarious in four out of 13 regions (Sahel, East, Centre-North and North), representing 49% of the national caseload. The 2018 lean season is expected to be challenging due to rain shortfalls in the Sahel and poor availability of biomass. Considering other vulnerabilities such as increased level of conflict (limited access to health services, internal population displacement and reduced humanitarian/development assistance), a probable increase in malaria and diarrhoea incidences and cereal price increase, up to 276,734 under-five children may suffer from SAM in 2018 in Burkina Faso (inter-agency estimate, WCARO, Jan. 2018). UNICEF’s target for SAM treatment and budget requirement will be increased accordingly.",8
2777,"? Due to the massive population increase in all sites, WASH facilities are under immense strain. To provide access to basic emergency sanitation to all targeted beneficiaries, 18,000 emergency latrines are required.",11
8666,"Around 300 households have evacuated their homes, with local authorities providing tents for temporary accommodation. At one point 6,000 people were left without power.",10
3699,"A recent spike at the beginning of 2017 saw over 4,500 refugees crossing the Eritrea-Ethiopia border and in urgent need of humanitarian assistance.As 150–200 refugees arrive daily at the Endabaguna screening centre, IOM will continue to work in close coordination with ARRA, UNHCR and partners to ensure refugees are supported with transport to safely reach the refugee camps.",9
7926,"Olua I/IIFood distributions are often delayed and plot sizes are not sufficient for refugees to cultivate enough food to supplement rations. In addition to small plot size, soil quality is reportedly poor for harvesting crops. In particular, children are vulnerable to malnutrition because of the lack of food and variety in their diets. ",3
11980,"From January to September 2017, 1,585 children have been recruited by armed groups – 95 percent of them in Southern and Central Somalia.3 In areas most affected by conflict and displacement, protection needs in Somalia stem from acts of violence, exploitation, abuse, coercion, and deprivation, especially in situations of conflict and displacement, including grave violations against children and GBV.",9
6117,"The armed conflict in Marawi between the Armed Forces of the Philippines and the militant Maute Group has been ongoing for 72 days. It has already displaced 466 000 people, of which 95% are temporarily staying at private houses and host families in various towns in Lanao Del Sur, Lanao Del Norte, and Misamis Oriental. The remaining 5% (about 24 000 people) are temporarily sheltered in 75 evacuation centres, mostly in Iligan and Balo-I in Lanao Del Norte and Saguiran in Lanao Del Sur.      The most pressing humanitarian concern at the displacement sites is the increasing cases of Acute Watery Diarrhea (AWD). As of 30 July, there were 259 cases, showing a significant increase from the 26 June record of 114 cases. As the cases reportedly started on 4 June, two weeks after the start of the conflict, health experts see this as an alarming effect of the displacement. The government has confirmed 11 cases of cholera. As disease surveillance is very limited due to inaccessibility of the displacement sites, especially those close to the conflict zone, humanitarian agencies are concerned that cases are increasing without due attention.  The capacity to prevent the increasing cases of AWD and cholera is low, as 82% of the displaced population has no access to adequate sanitation facilities and 35% have no access to safe drinking water. As the conflict is still ongoing, return is not expected in the next few months. The current, insufficient capacity during displacement poses high risk for the health of both displaced people and the host families.",4
263," As of 8 p.m. (1700 GMT) five people had been confirmed killed and seven injured, the national office of risk management said. An estimated 22,000 people were either displaced or had their property damaged by what was one of Madagascar's worst storms in years.",10
3456,"Returnees were reported to also have concerns about the threat of retaliatory attacks by other residents in the baladiyas due to political affiliations or history of political affiliation with certain groups as reported in Al Ajaylat, Benghazi, Tripoli and other baladiyas.",9
3987,"In the Lake region where the violence caused by Boko Haram and military operations have forced many people to flee homes and in the South where refugees and returnees from the Central African Republic (CAR) have crossed the border, 130 out of 146 schools remain closed to date – the open ones being all in the Lake Region. Nevertheless, UNICEF continued to support schools in order to prepare for the eventual reopening of the schools. As the lead agency of the Education Cluster, UNICEF also worked closely with Cluster partners to find alternative solutions and to strengthen advocacy to mitigate the impact of the strike on education of children in the zones affected by the crises.",2
11747,"The decline in output has resulted in prices firming up by 10-15 per cent in the past three months. “Raw nut prices have increased by about ?3,000 a tonne over the past three months to around ?31,000 now,” said Nagesh Poojari, a large buyer and manufacturer of desiccated coconut powder.",0
6388,"Tropical Cyclone KENI continued moving south-east over the South West Pacific Ocean, weakening and dissipating. Over the next 24 hours, heavy rain may continue to affect several areas of Fiji and Tonga. Fiji national authorities mentioned, as of 12 April, that evacuation centres in the Northern Division are now closed and evacuees have started to return home. There are 202 active evacuation centres in the country, hosting 8 935 people. On Kadavu island, several infrastructures, roads and at least 179 houses have been damaged.",10
7048,Shelter is by far the most prominent need in  earthquake-affected areas. Items to reconstruct  houses is cited as a major current need by 30% of  people. Fifty-nine percent of people say they need  cash with most saying that they need the money for  repairing or reconstructing their house.,10
5593,"Despite extraordinary efforts by SARC teams, many of the buildings used as shelters are unprepared for this purpose, as they are structurally unsound, lack the capacity to host such large numbers of people and/or lack sufficient water and sanitation facilities. As a result, the shelters are dramatically overcrowded, lack basic services and facilities, do not offer privacy and are insufficiently lit, resulting in protection risks, especially for women and children, and other people with specific needs. The lack of advance notice meant thousands of IDPs would arrive at the site with either limited or no time to carry out needed rehabilitation work.",10
8075,"At province level, cooking oil was most expensive in Inhambane followed by Gaza. Unlike January, cooking oil was cheapest in Sofala, where it retailed below the February 2016 average. At the district level, Magude had the highest recorded prices for cooking oil (MZN141.43/L). The lowest prices were reported in Guro (MZN80.00/ L) and Moatize (MZN88.60/L), likely because of the humanitarian assistance being provided in these districts",7
6254,"The Niger Ministry of Health notified WHO on 12 April 2017 of an outbreak of hepatitis E in Diffa region located in the east of the country. The outbreak emerged on 09 January 2017 when clinicians at the Centre Mere-Enfant de Diffa started admitting pregnant women with acute jaundice syndrome. The initial case-patients presented with headaches, vomiting, fever, conjunctivitis, pelvic pain, and memory loss. The initial differential diagnosis was yellow fever, however, hepatitis E was later considered in light of the preponderance of pregnant mothers to the disease and the ongoing outbreak of hepatitis E in neighbouring Chad.  According to the Regional Director of Public Health in Diffa, 72 cases of acute jaundice syndrome including 17 deaths (case fatality rate of 23.6%) were reported by 10 April 2017. All 17 deaths occurred among pregnant mothers. Over 70% (52/72) of the case-patients and 100% of the deaths were reported from the Centre Mere-Enfant de Diffa while 20 case-patients and zero death came from Diffa district health care.",4
10365,"Some businesses remain closed affecting daily life and economic recovery. The communities of Tongatapu and ‘Eua have shown an incredible sense of resilience.  The impact on fruit trees and agricultural crops is substantial, with damage to staples like plantains, breadfruit and bananas",5
10545,"Sabha is a major hub for the smuggling of migrants toward Libya’s northern coast, some of whom seek treatment in local medical facilities.",9
10597,"Syrian government forces’ increasing use of banned Soviet-made cluster munitions to carry out indiscriminate attacks and direct attacks on civilians amid a tightening siege in rebel-held Eastern Ghouta has killed at least 10 civilians and brought the area’s humanitarian crisis to breaking point, Amnesty International can reveal today.",9
7241,The number of cases in South Central decreased from 506 and 4 deaths during week 29 to 306 cases and 2 deaths in week 30. ,4
10573,"Diarrhoea leaves six dead in three days At Sawakin hospital in Sudan’s Red Sea State, at least six people have died, including a child, as a result of acute watery diarrhoea within three days.  Medical sources have attributed the outbreak of watery diarrhoea in Red Sea State to the environmental degradation and contamination of water and food.",11
2671,"continued food insecurity trends in both GCA and NGCA and a clear correlation between food insecurity, vulnerability and socio-economic trends. In GCA the share of households with poor and borderline levels of food consumption (inadequate consumption levels) has increased to 20.9% in February 2018, up from 17.8% in June 2017.",3
29,"The US on Friday warned its citizens within Kenya to avoid traveling to the Somalia border following claims of threats by terrorist group al-Shabaab. In an advisory signed on January 13, 2017, the department warned its citizens to be on hight alert over potential attacks and high risk of crime throughout the country. The advisory cited Mandera, Wajir and Garissa as well as Tana River and Lamu among those that US citizens should avoid.",9
9098,"Heavy rainfall and floods in Zimbabwe, Malawi and Mozambique are adversely affecting crop production and may prolong need for humanitarian assistance if harvests are undermined.",5
5668,"Some 3,000 families were displaced by recent clashes in Sabratha, 2,000 of whom have been able to return to their homes.The most pressing needs for those displaced or returning include temporary shelter, core relief items (CRIs) and medical support for specific cases.",7
2503,"World Health Organization (WHO) representative for Yemen Nevio Zagaria warned that the rate at which cholera is spreading in Yemen is “unprecedented” on May 19. Zagaria predicted that Yemen will experience 250,000 cases within the next six months. At least 242 people died of cholera in Yemen between April 27 and May 19.",4
9260,"? UNHCR teams conducted a mapping of latrine and tube wells in two zones of Kutupalong to analyze the distribution of facilities in the zones and better assess whether coverage is sufficient in the area. So far, over 200 WASH facilities have been mapped. This exercise has shown an urgent need for desludging and for additional latrines. UNHCR and partners are already planning the constructions of 10 latrines and four tube wells in one zone of Kutupalong. These will cater for 500 and 2,000 people respectively",11
5609,"The total number of cases reported in Borno state since the inception of the outbreak stands at 5347, with 61 deaths (CFR = 1.1%). 2692 cases have been reported in the Muna corridor (Jere LGA), 1758 cases in Monguno and 83 cases in Guzamala. The number of cases reported from Dikwa, MMC and Mafa stand at 736, 58 and 20 respectively and have remained so for over six weeks.  Out of the 431 samples tested using RDTs, 354 (82%) were positive while 175 (46%) of 381 samples were culture positive.",4
9494," In Oromia, the nutrition situation among the nine highly insecure zones has not yet shown improvement and there is a weekly increase in the number of cases of severe acute malnutrition (SAM). In week 3 of 2018, a total of 3 828 cases of SAM were treated in therapeutic feeding programmes (TFPs) in these zones. In Somali Region, a total of 58 cases of SAM with medical complications were admitted in weeks 3 and 4. From the start of 2018 to week 4 there were 129 admissions for SAM. In the Benishangul Gumuz Region, 39 SAM cases were reported, 21 treated as inpatients at TFPs, and 18 moderate acute malnutrition cases were treated as outpatients. ",8
61,"Official functioning health facilities are limited to only one wing of the national hospital. Informal care points exist in other parts of the city, typically clinics established in personal homes, but they are commonly not staffed by medical professionals and have only the most basic of medical supplies.",4
1651,The Provincial Health Officer reported that dengue has claimed eight (8) lives from the period covering  January to August affecting six municipalities of the province.,4
2996,"On Christmas Day 2017, the KFS began its latest wave of forced evictions of the Indigenous Sengwer people in Embobut forest, after a period of calm lasting almost nine months. Between December 2017 and April 2018, community representatives reported that armed KFS guards burned 341 houses. Sengwer elder Paul Kiptuka was shot at by forest guards, who have also burned down his house twice since December 2017. On 16 January 2018, community representatives reported that KFS guards shot and killed Robert Kirotich Kibor and seriously injured David Kosgei Kiptilkesi in Embobut forest. On 18 January, a government spokesman announced an investigation into the killing of Robert Kirotich. On 21 January, the Elgeyo Marakwet County Commissioner announced that operations would continue to flush out “armed criminals currently undertaking illegal logging and cattle theft”, stating that “anyone who will be found inside the forest will be deemed to be a criminal”.",10
11391,"Cereal imports in the 2017/18 marketing year (September/August) are forecast at 632 000, sharply below last year’s record level. The expected decline mainly reflects the anticipated strong recovery in cereal output and carryover stocks from the previous year’s high import levels. Most of the anticipated decline in imports are expected to come from lower maize purchases.",3
1984,"“Refugees from the Central African Republic (CAR) in the north of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) can be invisible at times. Since mid-2017, tens of thousands have fled a brutal conflict and settled over the last months on the other side of the Ubangi river, in the Congolese districts of Gbadolite and Mobayi-Mbongo. The current number of refugees stands at approximately 42,000, fewer than the approximately 67,000 at the peak of the displacement some months ago. It is difficult to trace them. Many are still looking after their fields and remaining properties just a few kilometres away and they go back sporadically to look for food and subsistence. They are constantly on the move, living in uncertainty as part time-refugees and part-time returnees, without really benefitting from either status and being subjected to violence and harassment by different parties on both sides of the river.",9
8709,"Kajiado County. Failure of rainfall for last two consecutive seasons severely affected productive sectors in many wasys. ? Pasture has depleted in all livelihoods. Cattle which is the main source of income for pastoralists had poor body condition and was fetching very low prices. Traditional coping mechanism mainly migration to the neighbouring counties was not working as these counties were also affected by the drought. Consequently cases of drought-related mortalities have been reported. ? Households in pastoral livelihood were therefore faced with food insecurity due to their inability to purchase food stuffs coupled with poor livestock productivity such as insignificant milk production. ? In mixed farming livelihoods, households food security was threated by lack of stock following premature loss of crops. ? Malnutrition among under-fives remained increasingly high whch was a further manifestation of household food insecurity.",0
8482,"Terms of trade are declining sharply for pastoralists, contributing to rising food insecurity and malnutrition. Livestock prices are falling as body condition declines. Goat prices in December 2016 were as much as 25 per cent below their five-year averages and 2015 prices. Demand for livestock is low, so much so that and in some places, such as parts of North Horr, livestock markets are not operational. Prices are expected to continue falling as the condition of livestock deteriorates. In Marsabit, the price of a sheep has declined by 90 per cent. Herders are being forced to sell their remaining assets at very low prices to be able to afford food for their families – the price of which is increasing. ",5
3518,"While the Committee applauded the efforts of Afghanistan to reach inaccessible children and noted the overall reduction in these numbers, the continuing insecurity in parts of Afghanistan means that substantial numbers of children remain inaccessible, heightening anxiety about completion of eradication.",4
4894,"Rising levels of malnutrition are registered across the country where the overall admissions of severely malnurished children to Therapeutic Feeding Programs (TFP) increased by 18 per cent between January and February (given the two months lag- time in nutrition data reporting, February data is the latest available).",8
10942,"After a lull of several months, aircraft belonging to the Libyan National Army (LNA) once again attacked Derna this evening. Several sites belonging to the powerful local Abu Sleem brigade are said to have been hit, mainly weapons depots. Casualties are unknown although the LNA claims to have killed two members of the brigade and wounded another.",1
5654,"People displaced by the fighting have now gone for more than four weeks without adequate shelter, clean water or food, and little access to medical care. The most vulnerable people, such as children and pregnant women, are at great risk of contracting diseases.'In our mobile clinics, we are seeing medical issues directly related to the living conditions, including acute watery diarrhea, respiratory and skin infections and musculoskeletal disorders, with patients suffering from muscle or joint pain,' said Georgina Brown, MSF medical coordinator in South Sudan.'The rainy season may worsen the situation considerably.' ",3
8093,"NFIs and Shelter ? CRIs (Core Relief Items) have not been distributed except for once upon arrival and need to be distributed again. NFIs (Non-Food Items) such as beds, clothes, shoes and so on are also needed by the community and the community engages in negative coping strategies to meet these needs such as selling food for NFIs. ? Need for more durable shelters due to tearing off of current shelters, need for redesigning the shelters to ensure privacy and safety were shared as main concerns. ? The shelters are not safe and refugees do not feel comfortable leaving their shelters unattended due to weak doors and walls. ? Size of the Shelter especially for big families is not considered adequate. Sometimes there is even not enough space for all the family members even to sleep.",10
3277,"Fighters have used sexual violence against men and boys as a tool to 'humiliate, emasculate, and terrorise' perceived enemies, said All Survivors' Project director Charu Lata Hogg. That figure was likely low, said Hogg, since shame and stigma prevent men from speaking up, and aid workers often do not seek out male victims. For the same reasons, male survivors rarely receive medical care or psychological support, she said.",4
697,"Humanitarian needs in Niger continue to be immense as a result of lasting food insecurity, high global malnutrition of children under age five and the displacement of people fleeing the conflicts in neighbouring Mali* and Nigeria*. Successive food crises, extreme poverty, displacement and rapid population growth continue to erode people’s resilience. Even in good agricultural years, between 4 and 5 million Nigeriens experience food shortages.",8
8987,"Following the forecasted below-average Deyr rainy season, extreme food security outcomes are expected to persist in areas of greatest concern through April, which marks the end of the pastoral lean season and start of the agropastoral lean season. This will be the fourth consecutive poor season in Somalia and is likely to lead to below-average crop production and poor regeneration of pasture and water availability. A risk of Famine (IPC Phase 5) still exists.",0
964,"Sana’a Hub: Although Sana’a hub saw aerial attacks, including in areas not too far from the international airport and in Faj Attan area in As Sabain district in Sana’a city on 4 and 5 April; the Protection Cluster’s weekly monitoring report for 22-28 March notes a decrease in incidents to five compared to eight in the previous reporting period. Of these, four incidents were reported in Sirwah in western Marib and included airstrikes and shelling. No civilian casualties were reported, but 20 farms and six houses were understood to be damaged. In Al Bayda and Amran governorates, fighting and airstrikes reportedly resulted in casualties. The fighting also temporarily blocked the road from Al Bayda to Marib.",10
6700,"Food, water and sanitation, health and agriculture are urgent priority needs",4
538,"WHO responds to reported use of chemical weapons agents in East Mosul, Iraq [EN/AR]Following the reported use of chemical weapons agents in East Mosul, Iraq, WHO, partners and local health authorities have activated an emergency response plan to safely treat men, women and children who may be exposed to the highly toxic chemical.  Since 1 March, 12 patients including women and children with respiratory symptoms and blistering have been received for treatment by a referral hospital in Erbil according to local health authorities.  Of these, 4 patients are showing severe signs associated with exposure to a blister agent. WHO and partners are working with health authorities in Erbil to provide support in managing these patients.",4
10055,"Among the IDPs prioritizing shelter needs, primary needs related to shelters being overcrowded (30, 100%), inappropriate for the weather (29 respondents, 97%), and not enough (28 respondents, 93%).Respondents indicated that more than two families are sharing the same shelter (22 respondents 73%), with 3 respondents (10%) indicating at least three families shared a tent",10
6727,"In week 33, 2017 (from 13 July to 19 August 2017), 1,672 dengue cases were reported, a decrease of 12.0% compared to week 32 (Figure 4). As of week 33, the cumulative number of dengue cases in 2017 was 63,092 with 146 deaths compared to 71,590 cases with 162 deaths during the same period in 2016.",4
1207,"Madagascar’s southern regions have been heavily affected by a prolonged drought, aggravated by the effects of El Niño. According to the recently conducted IPC analysis, 850,000 people from the nine most drought-affected districts are severely food insecure (emergency and crisis phases) and in need of immediate food assistance. Another 128,000 people in IPC 2 phase (stressed), but residing in IPC 4 areas also require assistance, as the risk of deterioration of their food security status remains high.",3
1902,"Haiti faces extensive structural food and nutritional insecurity, in part due to the high levels of extreme poverty affecting a quarter of its population. According to an evaluation by the National Food Security Coordination Unit (CNSA)1, 3.3 million people in rural areas (56% of the total rural population) are struggling to maintain their livelihoods and being forced to sell assets, pushing them into a vicious cycle of poverty.",5
5184,"To make matters worse, the local hospital collapsed under the enormous pressure of the water and mud.",4
5661,"Russia promised to stop shelling opposition areas and to help push for the release of political prisoners, he said.",9
5837,"Maternal underweight contributes directly to low birth weight (LBW) incidence among term births. Thirty-six countries have data on the proportion of women who had a low body mass index (BMI) between 2000 and 2015; the data show a median of 10.9% (from 3.2% in Swaziland to 37.3% in Eritrea). Nine countries have prevalence rates above 15%, and apart from Eritrea, maternal underweight exceeds 20% in Ethiopia, Madagascar and Senegal.",8
11907,"In Deir-ez-Zor city, military operations and associated heavy aerial attacks have reportedly resulted in explosive hazards contamination. While the scope and scale remains unknown, this contamination is a major protection concern for IDPs who may return to their homes, while also impeding safe and timely delivery of humanitarian assistance.",9
1342,"There is a need for emergency non-food items (NFIs) for the displaced communities’ in Omusati and Oshana relocation camps since the current response facilities provided are highly overcrowded. Required NFIs include blankets, kitchen sets and hygiene kits; shelter, assistance with transport to relocation centres especially for women of childbearing age, access to improved sanitation and hygiene promotion.",7
11469,"Children who are associated with an armed group, unaccompanied or separated from their families, are particularly vulnerable, as are displaced women and girls, who account for more than 80 per cent of victims of genderbased violence reported so far in 2017. Incidents related to the protection of civilians, one third of which involve men in uniform, have increased worryingly since April 2017.",9
3321,"Floods have hit Sarolangun regency in Jambi, inundating a number of villages in the subdistrict of Air Hitam. Baru, Semurung and Lubuk Jering are some of the affected villagesIn the village of Semurung, the floods affected a school and a health facility.",2
3110,The flash floods are putting further stress on an already vulnerable community that has been affected by food insecurity and a pastoral crisis.,3
10142,"The war has also put the country on the verge of famine, a situation that can aggravate the danger of cholera because the outcome is usually more critical for malnourished people.",4
5607,"Children living with disabilities are also vulnerable and this is reflected in their inability to access basic services such as education. A UNHCR survey on the state of education for refugee children in Iraq found that at least 7 per cent of the school aged children were not in school because of disability or medical condition. Recent assessment reports indicate thatthere are limited educational services available for children with disabilities in schools in refugee camps and within host communities, especially regarding teachers’ knowledge and skills to handle children with special needs. This remains a gap in the entire refugee response.",2
9662,". According to the currently available data, Five governorates (Al Hudeidah, Lahj, Taizz, Abyan and Hadramaut) have acute malnutri&on rates above 15%, and seven governorates have GAM rate of 10-15% with aggrava&ng factors, thus classifying 12 of 22 governorates as emergency. Es&mated 7.5 mln people are in need of nutri&on assistance, with 2.9 million people who will require treatment for acute malnutri&on in 2017, from those 1.8 million are children under age of 5 and 1.1 mln pregnant and lacta&ng women (PLW). 2.3 mln of PLW and caretakers of children 0-23 months will require infant and young child feeding counselling",8
6662,"The basic issue is that drought and natural calamities occur frequently, but solutions from the government side have not been forthcoming - increasing water storage and providing irrigation. This hasn't been addressed in the past 30 years. ",11
5575,"At least five families were transferred by the Ministry of Transportation from the HAA camps in Ninewa to their places of origin in Ramadi, Anbar Governorate. Protection partners were able to verify that these families intended to go back to their places of origin. Local authorities in their area of origin insisted on the security screening of these families before facilitating their return, and the families were consequently transferred to Kilo 18 camp. Two instances of forced evictions of at least 112 families from the Al-Takia camp in AlDora, Baghdad were reported. Those who were evicted came from different areas, with the majority from Al Qa’im in Anbar. According to UNHCR’s protection partner, families in Anbar have reportedly submitted a request to be included in organized returns due to concerns about plans for camp consolidation in Anbar. In Baghdad, interviewed families expressed concerns about return due to lack of shelter, livelihood opportunities to provide for a stable income and basic services in their areas of origin. Families from the Al Qa’im area bordering Syria expressed concern about return due to the volatile security situation, including shelling from areas in Syria that remain under the control of extremist groups.",9
1129,"The leakage of the pipeline resulting from shelling near Avdiivka at the end of January has had ramifications for a wider area, including in Mariupol, where some 500,0000 people still have to rely on a backup reservoir for water and Volnovakha and Krasnoarm iiske, which remain vulnerable to water cuts.",11
9423,Isiolo: The long distances of trekking has led to continual weakening of animals leading into deaths considered as immense loss of livelihood for the pastoral communities. ? Market functionality was greatly affected due to poor livestock body condition and the subsequent migration to distant grazing areas outside the county.,5
1985,"As the World Health Organization (WHO) announced that Yemen’s cholera outbreak was far from being over, Houthi militias continued to withhold three vehicles loaded with cholera medications for the fourth day in a row in the province of Hodeidah, west of Yemen. ",4
4607,"Around 890,000 people are projected to suffer severe food insecurity in the May – September lean season, while acute malnutrition has surpassed the emergency threshold in many regions.",3
10962,"In addition to SMoH, 22 health partners are working in West Darfur, where 16 of them have heavy presence in the capital of West Darfur, El Geneina locality followed by Zalengei (14 partners) and Wadi Salih (9 partners) while other localities have 1 to 6 NGOs in addition to the SMoH (Table 4). 102 (59%) out of the 172 functioning HFs in WD are fully managed and supported by the NGOs and UN agencies compare to (74%) in the previous Quarter, while only 66 (38%) are managed by SMoH compare to (24%) in the previous Quarter. It is worth mentioning that 60 (91%) of the 66 SMoH clinics also receive support from NGOs (NCA, Sudi RC, and SC-S) and UN agencies (WHO, UNICEF, UNFPA, and UNHCR).",4
9368,"Food security developments in June suggest drastic regional shifts between north and south of Unity State, since February. Reported access to food notably increased in centraland southern Unity State since February, as shown by comparative Map 3. In June, 80% of assessed settlements in Koch, Leer, Mayendit and Panyijar reported to have adequate access to food, which represents a sharp increase since February when only 25% reported the same. Improvements have been most notable in Leer where 97% of assessed settlement reported adequate access to food in June, compared to only 11% in February, while in Mayendit proportions increased from 25% in February up to 46% in June. These findings suggest that massive scale-up of food assistance has successfully lifted up food security levels in central Unity. However, these positive developments seem to be highly dependent on food assistance being maintained at the same levels, to prevent a relapse into previous conditions of extreme food insecurity. Regular food distributions and access todistributions by beneficiaries, however, heavily depend on security in the area which remains highly volatile and unpredictable. Deteriorating road conditions due to progression of the rainy season might further hamper regular distributions",3
7483,Few incentives exist for pharmaceutical companies to export to Syria. Fear of violating sanctions law is the main deterrent preventing pharmaceutical companies from entering into agreements to provide medication to actors in Syria. ,4
11557,"Nutritional screening was carried out for the newly arriving refugees. During the reporting period, a total of 66 under-five children and 30 pregnant and lactating women (PLW ) were screened to measure their nutritional status. Accordingly, the prevalence of Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM) and Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) amongst the children under the age of five was found to be 7% and 41% respectively against the emergency threshold of 15%. The average GAM rate amongst new arrivals below the age of five is 71.4% since the beginning of the year. During the reporting period, the prevalence of GAM amongst the pregnant and lactating women stands at 19%, with an average of 33.6% since January 2017.",8
11479,"In pastoral areas, drought caused shortages of grazing resources, with deterioration of livestock body conditions. Livestock prices sharply declined in recent months, especially in the south, and are at very low levels, up to 60 percent lower than 12 months earlier. As a result of declining livestock prices and increasing cereal prices, terms of trade for pastoralists sharply deteriorated over the last 12 months. The equivalent in maize of a medium size goat declined in Buale market from 114 kg January 2016 to just 30 kg in January 2017. The severe drought has also caused a sharp decline in milk production and surge in milk prices.",3
8919,"1.3 million need humanitarian assistance. An estimated 200,000 people (3% of the population) are internally displaced, many of them having lost their homes because of air strikes and the use of heavy artillery in populated areas.",10
1467,"There are over 4,000 suspected cases and 14 people who died in Sana'a alone.",4
7000,"In 2017, a total of 110 cases [90 (81.8%) new; 19 (17.3 %) relapses; and 1 (0.9%) PKDL] including 2 deaths (CFR 1.8%) and 0 (0%) defaulters were reported from 21 treatment centers. During the corresponding period in 2016, a total of 145 cases including 2 deaths (CFR 1.5%) and 3 (2.2%) defaulters were reported from 21 treatment centers. Of the 110 cases reported in 2016, the majority were from Lankien (70) and Kurwai (20). The most affected groups included male [56 cases (50.9%)], those aged 5-14 years [40 cases (36.4%]) and those aged 15years [50 (45.5%). Children under five years were less affected [16 cases (14.5%)]. The number of cases continued to increase compared to 2016, the decrease in week 3 is due to low number of cases reporting. In response to the increasing number of cases, WHO/MOH in collaboration with IMA and KalaCore are ensuring that all implementing partners have access to KA test kits and medicine",4
1293,"Cereal production in 2017 anticipated to remain at last year’s high level  Planting of the main 2017 cereal season is virtually concluded. Sowing operations benefitted from the good precipitation levels, even in the “dry corridor”. Continued provisions of agricultural inputs by the Government and an anticipation that rainfall levels will be normal, as the risk for an El Niño event has diminished, should maintain plantings at last year’s high level. FAO ’ s preliminary forecast, which assumes favourable weather conditions for the rest of the year, is for cereal output to reach almost 1.1 million tonnes in 2017, well above the country’s five-average",3
3484,"Nearly 5 000 Malawians are in dire need of food and shelter following hailstorms which destroyed houses in the northern part of Karonga last week, district commissioner Richard Hara has said.",3
3551,"comprehensive protection-sensitive reception systems need further development.There is still a lack of capacity of protection agencies and service providers to address protection risks and needs, especially in host communities, villages and informal settlements.",9
11828,"As of December 2016, the regional authorities in Diffa estimated displaced people at more than 240,000 people including refugees, returnees and internally displaced people. Important humanitarian needs are identified in the sectors of food, health care, nutrition, education, shelter and non-food items, protection as well as access to water, sanitation and hygiene.",10
8184,"Livelihoods ? Refugees do not have any income generation opportunities inside or outside the camp and mostly are dependent on food ration. Even if small opportunit ies exist, the selection of beneficiaries is not fair. ? There is lack of market to sell goods. Restricted movement to import and export goods further makes it difficult for refugees to engage in business or trade. ? Cash provision for starting work is very low and all the refugees do not have means to start businesses or work. ? Refugees have very less opportunities for cultivation and farming as they do not have access to land. Few refugees are involved in agriculture and it takes up to six months to come on terms with the host community. ? Participation of Refugees in livestock production is very limited.",5
7106,"Poverty in northern Shan is higher than Kachin, with 37 per cent of the population living below the poverty line, compared to the national average of 26 per cent, according to the 2010 Household Living Conditions Survey. Displaced people have found it difficult to restore their livelihoods and reduce their dependency on aid in an environment of continued militarization and with extensive landmine contamination. Myanmar has one of the highest landmine casualty rates in the world. Beyond mine risk education and immediate victim assistance, advocacy efforts have continued to focus on the need for mapping of mined areas, laying the groundwork for future demining. With reduced livelihood opportunities for displaced people, there is a risk of more people resorting to negative coping mechanisms, such as drug and alcohol abuse, which are leading risk factors for gender-based violence in the region. The ongoing conflict and related displacement also continue to strain the coping capacities of host communities.",9
11883,"Militants have looted humanitarian compounds and attacked health facilities, halting the work of aid agencies such as the International Rescue Committee and Plan International, said the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA).",4
4147,"Some of these are described as “voluntary” or “spontaneous”, and indeed, some may be. But, in the absence of government confirmed information about the level of registration, information sharing to ensure informed decision making and information on planned areas of resettlement we are particularly concerned that these movements may not be voluntary, based on well-informed decisions or safe.This is exacerbated by a context of rumours reported by IDPs that aid will be stopped in places like Maiduguri, that camps could be closed at the end of May 2017, and that aid is readily accessible in other locations to which people are being encouraged to move.The humanitarian community has not received timely information in order to plan for or receive new arrivals, and many sites identified by the authorities for return are already at maximum capacity and cannot support further population increases. In almost all instances, there is insufficient shelter, water, food, health, no education services and this has further exacerbated existing protection risks. These movements therefore pose risks and challenges to those displaced and for those already living in these sites. ",2
4244,"In El Gedaref, the crops in more than 2,000 acres of horticultural farms on the banks of the Atbara and Setit rivers, and in El Mugran and El Fashaga are in danger because of the lack of fuel needed for the irrigation pumps.",7
11338,"From March to May 2017: 22,209 people in IPC Phase 3. 228 052 people in IPC Phase 2. ",5
1303,"Heavy rain that lasted long enough flushed Tolitoli District. It triggered Tuwelei River and Lembe River overflowed. Flash flood hit four sub-districts in Lampasio, Baolan, Galang and Dakopamean, Tolitoli Regency, Sulawesi Tengah Province on Saturday (3/6) at around 13:00 pm. Water level of the flood in settlements was about 1 to 3 meters.  The flood caused 1 person dead (Salma, 60) and 1 person missing was carried away by flood. Thousands of houses were inundated. It is estimated that around 56,000 households are affected by flood. Flash flood in Dakopamean sub-district caused 15 houses to be swept away, 1 bridge broke and housing, offices and schools flooded to a height of 1 meter. ",10
6327,Food consumption deteriorates in Al Hudaydah for the second consecutive month.,3
8291,Community water sources are flooded and contaminated in particular in Kamayama and Kaningo communities. ,11
9727,"Protection actors are identifying more cases of harassment, exploitation and reports of sexual assault perpetrated against female IDPs allegedly by security officials along the displacement route and in IDP camps. Many survivors report that the alleged perpetrators justify their actions as they perceive the IDPs to be related to extremist groups. Concerns remain over this perception of newly displaced IDPs from west Mosul, Tel Afar and surrounding areas, and harsh treatment that protection teams are observing. UNHCR and GBV partners continue to prioritize protection services and to refer survivors to available health services, while also advocating at all levels against GBV in general, as well as all forms of collective punishment. UNHCR also calls for reported incidents to be promptly investigated, and measures to be put in place to ensure that security officials do not act with impunity.",9
4323,"Ituri province, Aru territory: FARDC had recently deployed troops to reinforce the security along the border of the Aru territory. However, insecurity prevailed; the health center in Rikazu (15 km north of Ingbokolo) was attacked and looted several times during the week by unidentified armed men. Its successive closure leaves more than 10 villages in the region, including a large number of refugees residing in this area, without medical assistance, while also cross-border movements of unidentified armed elements were reported.",4
9332,"The monsoon season in southern Bangladesh has now ended and temperatures will soon decline; the average low for January is 15 degrees Celsius. While that temperature is moderate compared to many other regions, the lack of adequate clothing and shelter insulation makes refugees vulnerable to even modest declines in temperatures, especially at night.",1
9809,"Within this context, and acknowledging the state of the crippled healthcare system in Gaza due to the illegal Israeli closure policy, Al Mezan is alarmed by the news that on 12 May 2018, the Israeli authorities denied the entry of a Palestinian Ministry of Health medical delegation to Gaza. The team of doctors from the occupied West Bank sought to provide medical treatment to casualties in Gaza.",4
10625,"The outbreak remains localised to the three health zones initially affected: Iboko (25 cases and 5 deaths), Bikoro (21 cases and 17 deaths) and Wangata (4 cases and 3 deaths). Following ongoing data review and cleaning, one death has been moved from Iboko to Bikoro.",4
7697,"The reason for the increase in the number of deaths and infections in the camp is that all patients who were in isolation, have been discharged by local officials as soon as they heard that an organisation was on its way to Murnei to assess the situation of cholera,” the sheikh claimed.“This is a wrong move that caused the spread of the disease in the camp, prompting officials to return 64 infected people to the isolation unit again, in order to receive treatment.” ",4
6901, Measles vaccination campaign targeting 4 million children is underway.,4
4462,"Witness accounts, satellite imagery and data, and photo and video evidence gathered by Amnesty International all point to the same conclusion: hundreds of thousands of Rohingya women, men, and children have been the victims of a widespread and systematic attack, amounting to crimes against humanity.The Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court lists 11 types of acts which, when knowingly committed during such an attack, constitute crimes against humanity. Amnesty International has consistently documented at least six of these amid the current wave of violence in northern Rakhine State: murder, deportation and forcible displacement, torture, rape and other sexual violence, persecution, and other inhumane acts such as denying food and other life-saving provisions. This conclusion is based on testimonies from more than 120 Rohingya men and women who have fled to Bangladesh in recent weeks, as well as 30 interviews with medical professionals, aid workers, journalists and Bangladeshi officials. Amnesty International’s experts corroborated many witness accounts of the Myanmar security forces’ crimes by analysing satellite imagery and data, as well as verifying photographs and video footage taken inside Rakhine State. The organization has also requested access to Rakhine State to investigate abuses on the ground, including by members of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA), the Rohingya armed group. Amnesty International continues to call for unfettered access to the UN Fact-Finding Mission and other independent observers.",9
5248,"Storm weather conditions during the winter months, including heavy rain, can create floods in the streets of the Gaza Strip due to poor and overcrowded urban infrastructure that cannot handle the rate and volume of water.",10
2679,"Alarmingly acute malnutrition rates exceed global emergency thresholds, at 24% in Kutupalong refugee camp and 19.3% in makeshift settlements. Rakhine State has one of the highest malnutrition rates in Myanmar, with 14% Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM). Arrivals in Bangladesh are already highly vulnerable and in need of emergency nutrition support. Malnutrition rates among the earlier Myanmar arrivals were extreme even before the influx: in Balukhali, GAM, stunting and underweight rates all exceeded WHO thresholds for nutritional emergency26. Clean water is critical to addressing nutrition needs, as it impacts the body’s ability to absorb nutrients. Improved WASH and nutrition support, as well as increased dietary diversity through food security, are urgently needed to address and reverse malnutrition",8
6578,"Desert locust affected 250 hectares of sorghum, maize in Santa cruz",0
6754,"Fighting in CAR’s north-western region, in particular in and around the town of Ngaoudaye, has forced nearly 7,000 people to flee in July, the majority being women and children, across the border to Touboro locality in the North region of Cameroon. While new arrivals are settling in host communities where the majority of Central Africans in Cameroon are hosted, they mention that the situation in their country is so unstable that chances to return any time soon are unlikely. Their immediate needs also include health care and nutrition, shelter, education, and food.In addition to the strong efforts of local authorities to settle newly arriving refugees, UNHCR has registered all 6,885 new arrivals and is now proceeding with their biometric verification. Many unaccompanied children and separated children were identified during this process.",10
4505,"The present map shows the storm damage grade assessment in the area of Basseterre (Saint Kitts and Nevis). The thematic layer has been derived from post-event satellite image by means of visual interpretation. The estimated geometric accuracy is 5 m CE90 or better, from native positional accuracy of the background satellite image. ",1
2720,"Residents of Tala Wa Barfak district in Baghlan said they are concerned about an increase in maternal and child mortality in their region due to a lack of access to Pul-e-Khumri, the capital city of the province.",4
9882,80 per cent of the displaced people live in 56 new IDP settlements and practice open defecation due to the lack of proper sanitation facilities  ? 70 per cent of the new IDP settlements lack water facilities. This forces women to collect water from distant water points thus exposing them to protection risks. ? Poor hygiene practices are common in the newly established IDP settlements. ? The IDPs in the outskirts of towns travel long distances in search of water. ? Conflict displaced people in the outskirts of Heraale town have to collect water more than 7km from their settlements ? There are insufficient water storage facilities in the IDP settlements. ? Suspected AWD/cholera cases in the region were recorded,9
1262,He said that a large number of the farmers have returned the agricultural inputs of seeds and fertilisers to the administration because of the lack of water in the canals.,11
4282,"A significant number of Venezuelans remain, however, in an irregular situation, without documentation or permission to remain including those not able to apply for asylum because of bureaucratic obstacles, long waiting periods, or high application fees. This makes them particularly vulnerable to exploitation, extortion, exactions, violence, trafficking, sexual abuse, recruitment, and discrimination and xenophobia, especially in insecure border areas where criminal and armed groups operate. The need for predictable legal status, documentation, shelter, access to health care and other basic services is acute. Receiving communities are themselves coming under increasing strain, which can undermine peaceful coexistence and feed manifestations of discrimination and xenophobia.",9
10699,"Prices of rice, the country’s main staple, reached record levels in September, mostly reflecting flood-induced crop losses in 2017. Overall, rice prices remained 30 percent above their year-earlier levels. The impact of the floods and the resulting elevated prices of rice have severely compromised the livelihoods of the affected households.",3
8892,"The majority of affected families got their water fo r drinking and domestic use from Lake Lanao and river . Although few have hand pumps, they are unusable due to the fl ood making the water muddy.  At least 40 affected families staying in EC are now re lying on the assistance from the LGU. The LGU provid es bottles of mineral water to them but it is not enough.  Based on observation, some residents are cleaning thei r household items with the flood water",11
7791,Three hours of shelling are reported to have taken place across the Eritrea-Ethiopian border today (Wednesday).The clash was apparently sparked off when Eritrean troops opened fire on about 40 refugees attempting to flee from Eritrea to Ethiopia.  ,9
7626,"Coordination between different government bodies, and between the government and I/NGOs, continues to be  problematic. ",1
7371,5-10 years Time it takes for rural people to become self-sufficient again after being displaced,5
7761,Children under 5 years old represent 26.2% of total suspected cases. Children under 18 years old represent 56.3%,4
3330,"The high influx of IDPs to Tambura has strained local resources including access to food, land for cultivation and clean water. Five out of the eight settlements assessed through the Area of Knowledge (AoK) methodology reported that there was not enough land for cultivation. This is consistent with FGD findings, which suggest that although the host community reportedly shared their land with IDPs, the acreages were often too small to cultivate enough to sustain the HHs. In addition to reduced access to land, localized dry spells and pests are reportedly affecting crop growth in Tambura and Source Yubu towns and outskirts. Famine Early Warning Systems Network (FEWS NET) reports confirm that although precipitation has been above average, localized dry spells have affected the south western part of the country.6 FGD participants indicated that the harvest yields will likely not be enough to feed the population during the lean season. With inadequate access to land for cultivation, most of the IDPs in Tambura rely on casual labour, such as collecting firewood or fetching water and selling it to shop and restaurant owners. Women explained that these activities expose them to sexual abuse and the risk of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infections.",3
2329,"To date, 12 persons have died because of cholera in Shabelle camp for internally displaced persons (IDPs), Garowe town, Puntland state. The majority of the deceased were among the elderly and children population of the camp. ",4
8335,? Cumulatively 750 cases of AWD/Cholera and 2 deaths (CFR 0.3%) have been reported for the new outbreak which began in December 2017. Cases reported in 2018 are 413,4
5111,"According to the latest Ministry of Health Disease Outbreak situation report dated 26 February 2018, a total of Nine counties have reported confirmed cholera outbreaks since the beginning of the year. The affected counties are Mombasa, Garissa, Siaya, Tharaka Nithi, Meru, Kirinyaga, Busia, Tana River and Turkana Counties. Three counties (Kirinyaga, Busia and Mombasa) have controlled the outbreak, while six counties (Tana River, Garissa, Tharaka Nithi, Meru, Siaya and Turkana) are still reporting cases. Cumulatively, a total of 1,241 cases with 29 deaths (CFR=2.3%) have been recorded. Murang’a County has reported a suspected Cholera outbreak, with 52 cases and two deaths recorded so far. Eight (8) of the cases were confirmed by Rapid Diagnostic Tests (RDTs) and confirmatory culture results being awaited. An outbreak of measles has been confirmed in Wajir County, with 24 cases (6 confirmed) reported in Wajir East sub-county. No deaths have been reported. The date of onset of illness for the last reported case was on 20 February 2018. Most affected age group is under 5 years (42%) and nine cases (38%) are above 14 years. Most of the affected (79%) had unknown vaccination status. The population of the sub county is 132,532 while first measles rubella (MR 1) coverage for the sub county was 68%. The county initiated under 5-year defaulter tracing, targeted vaccination and community sensitization and thirty four of the 36 targeted children were vaccinated. However, the recent terror attack in the region has interrupted further response activities. Since December 2017, Mombasa County has reported a total 782 Chikungunya cases with 32 being laboratory confirmed. Since 26th January 2018, Lamu also started reporting Chikungunya cases and so far, 59 cases have been line listed with 4 cases being laboratory confirmed. West Pokot County has reported hepatitis B outbreak, with 22 cases and 4 deaths line listed as at 22nd February 2018.",4
7184,"According to the data gathered during joint rapid and detailed assessments conducted by RRCS, volunteers and local authorities, around 5,000 households (25,000 people) from 7 cells of the four sectors were affected by the floods, of which 4,750 people from 950 households were directly affected. These 950 Homeless families are being accommodated in the nearby communities after their homes were either destroyed or damaged by flowing waters and mud debris. Immediately, the flash floods caused 5 severe injuries, 141.5 hectares of crops flooded (including plantations of beans, potatoes, maize and tea), 643 livestock washed away, 10 bridges destroyed, 1 school affected, and students’ school materials washed away.",0
10100,"At least seven have been killed and another 15 wounded in a blast at a market in the eastern city of Lahore, local media says ",9
9893," The government has already banned the use of Umbeluzi water for the banana plantations and other commercial, irrigated agricultural companies that usually depend on the Umbeluzi. The southern regional water board (ARA-Sul) has issued television warnings urging consumers not to waste water through such unnecessary activities as washing cars or watering lawns. ",11
8410,"1,427 people were apprehended while trying to enter Greece (1,304) and Bulgaria (123) in April 2017. In addition a further 136 individuals to return to Turkey through Greek borders were apprehended by the Turkish Land Forces",9
4810,"The good level of food imports during the first six months of the year has resulted in improved supply and availability of imported food commodities in local markets. According to the FSIS/FSTS Market Monitoring Bulletin released in July 2017, a total of about 2.8 million MT basic food commodities were imported between January and June 2017 through Al Hodeidah, As Salif, Aden and Al Mukalla Sea Ports. Out of the total quantities of food items imported, nearly two million MT (70%) is wheat grains, while rice and sugar constitute 10% (283,000 MT) and 6.8% (188,915 MT), respectively. Moreover, unquantified over-land food imports during the reported month reportedly have had significant contribution to the food supply chain into the local markets.",3
1707,"Between October and December, the number of conflict events and resulting fatalities has increased in several areas of the country compared to mid - 2017 (Figure 1). I nter - communal clashes in Rumbek Centre, Rumbek North, Rumbek East, and Cueibet of Lakes have disrupted normal livelihoods , limited the delivery of health and nutritio n services, forced several aid agencies to relocated, and prompted the Gove rnment to declare a three - month state of emergency . In Duk Payuel of Jonglei , relief supplies have been looted , crops have been destroyed , and many lives have been lost , including th ose of aid workers . A ttacks reported in Duk Padiet of Duk and Daktek of Pochalla have had similar impacts. C ontinued insecurity in parts of Nyirol and armed clashes in Ayod have also re stricted households’ access to fields and prevent ed normal markets functioning . In Leer and Mayendit of Unity , armed clashes between Government and opposition forces ha ve forced many aid workers to relocate, disrupting the delivery of assistance .",5
2003,"Nevertheless, the majority of households in the South were able to plant on all of their land. Small pockets could not because of non-favorable climate or lack of financial means to purchase seeds and hire agricultural labor. Fall armyworm also caused significant damage to maize cropsin the extreme south where crops were infested at sowing or at flowering stage. This reduced even more the harvests which already had received insufficient rain",5
1673,"Returnees to Benghazi were reported to be awaiting extensive repairs both to homes and to damaged public infrastructure. Narrative reports by data collection partners mention that many houses remained in need of repairs. In some areas like Garyounes, where some conflict had recently de-escalated, the majority of residents had not yet returned, as they were awaiting the restoration of electricity and water network functionality. ",7
2088,"A shortage of WASH facilities and core relief items, including solar lamps for new arrivals and refugees resid ing in emergency shelters, are the main gaps requiring urgent attention. ? Inadequate food supply due to reduced rations has resulted in negative coping mechanisms like stealing from other refugees and the host community. ? Worn-out emergency and family shelters need urgent replacement during the rainy season.",3
38," Poor rains have also led to more pest attacks with red-spider mite, tea mosquito bug and blister blight causing major damage to the crop, local tea experts say. ",0
8237,"Nord-Kivu: 260,000 people affected. 162,000 people in need. ",5
4515,"To properly manage the returnee situation including processing of individuals in a more organized manner.In addition to the lack of resources to adequately respond to the returnee and displacement situations, targeted attacks on military and civilian infrastructures by insurgents in Borno and Yobe States continue to undermine humanitarian space.The restriction on road movements for UNHCR and other humanitarian staff to liberated areas remains in force until the situation changes. ",1
11378,"In their annual report for 2016 on the human rights situation in South Kordofan and Blue Nile States, the Human Rights and Development Organisation (HUDO*) lists a litany of individual incidents and structural abuses that continue to plague the Two Areas.  The report lists details of arbitrary arrests, extrajudicial killings, sexual violence, and other violations",9
1765,"At least 3,000 hectares of farmland has been flooded. This could be detrimental to this season's paddy production, according to the Agricultural Extension Department in Sylhet. ",0
5165,"Military use of schools turns school buildings into possible targets of attack, and puts children and teachers at risk of being injured or killed. Even if the buildings are not damaged or destroyed, military occupation interrupts children’s education. One key achievement of the Afghan government since the Taliban rule has been the increase in girls attending schools, but these gains are now at serious risk. Parents are much less likely to allow girls to attend school if soldiers are using the facilities, which disproportionately hinders girls’ access to education.",2
3013,"Food operators could still not access some areas affected by the Oromia-Somali border conflict, resulting in an average of 2 to 3 weeks delay in relief food dispatch and distribution. ? The high number of food distribution points (FDPs) in Somali region continues to pose a logistics challenge. The nutrition situation is likely to deteriorate due to lack or late food deliveries.",3
5302,? Delayed harvest and reduced maize production in Karamoja Region due to erratic rainfall and Fall Armyworm attacks,0
11592,"However, according to the last Cadre Harmonis analysis conducted in the country, about 66000 people are estimated to be in Phase:3Crisis and above.",5
7158,"The rainfall season from January-March 2017 and November-December 2017 has alleviated some of the impacts of the drought, reaching normal to above normal levels across most of the country, however prolonged drought conditions continue to be felt in Shiselweni and Lubombo regions affecting food and water security for a significant part of the population. ",11
577,"According to families from villages surrounding Telafar, food and water are in short supply and expensive while there is no electricity and medical services. Those from Telafar city report that the same conditions prevail, with the exception of basic medical services. Families report being fearful of and experiencing detention by both the extremist groups and Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) who accuse them of affiliation with extremist groups, while the former punish those attempting to flee.",11
62,"School attendance continues to be hampered by insecurity and population movements in the southern Diffa region. Thirty schools hosting 1,280 students remain closed, while 121 schools were re-opened in October 2016 with the support of the Ministry of Education.",2
3083,"Displaced people, the elderly, people with disabilities and other vulnerable groups or individuals – particularly those in isolated communities – face particular difficulties in accessing healthcare and other essential services, as a result of limitations on the availability of adequate services as well as movement restrictions and insecurity.",4
10418,"There is a health concern among the influx, Acute Watery Diarrhea (AWD) cases were observed in Balukhali, the number was over 500 from December to February 2017.",11
2779,"Upcoming lean season: Aprile-June 2018.In April, at the beginning of the lean season, Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes are expected in southern areas still recovering from both Hurricane Matthew in 2016 and poor seasonal performance in 2017",3
2358,"In a bid to quash incessant attacks and infiltration, the authorities have evacuated some areas, banned trade in fish and pepper and shut down the markets. Such moves have undermined the local economy at a time when Diffa has already faced repeated food crises.",3
9124,"Since the beginning of 2017, 18 882 suspected/confirmed cholera cases including 485 deaths (case fatality rate 2.6%) have been reported, as of 4 August 2017. Since the beginning of the cholera outbreak in August 2015, a cumulative 48 234 cases including 1 302 deaths (case fatality rate 2.8%) have been registered in 20 out of the 26 provinces in the country. A total of 147 out of 517 health zones have been affected.",4
3439,"For example, we ran out of surgical sutures in our obstetrics center so we started borrowing from other centers, who now are also out of stock. Now we are using expired sutures, and nylon skin sutures to stitch heart ventricular defects.' Anas Al Kassem,Surgeon and Board Member of UOSSM Canada said, “In the strongest possible terms, we urge the international community to help lift the siege on the people of Al Ghouta, and provide safe and secure access for humanitarian aid. There are hundreds of patients that require medical evacuation and thousands more that have limited access to food, clean water and medical care. The suffering is unimaginable. “",4
522,"Moreover, while some movement to GoS-controlled areas is possible, movement to those areas remains significantly constrained, which is limiting IDPs’ access to wage labor opportunities and petty trade outside SPLM-N-controlled areas. As a result, these households are attempting to meet their food needs through a combination of traveling long distances to collect wild foods, selling remaining productive assets, seeking support from relatives, and purchasing small quantities of food from local markets and/or markets in adjacent GoS areas at very high prices",3
11488,"Since the beginning of 2017 and as of 4 April 2017, Italy reported 1 333 cases of measles, with 131 cases among healthcare workers. The cases are reported from 19 of the 21 regions in Italy. A majority of the cases (93%) are from Piedmont, Lazio, Lombardy, Tuscany, Abruzzi and Sicily. Most of the cases are above 15 years and 88% of the cases were not vaccinated. ",4
6338,"Government forces in Douma city detained a number of young men wanted for mandatory military service this week, residents say, in what appears to be a violation of a surrender agreement that brought state authority back to the former rebel stronghold east of Damascus. ",9
11779,"Heavy rainfalls at the beginning of December have caused floods in central and southern part of the Republic of Albania. These are the most severe rainfalls Albania has ever recorded. The response of the institutions has been vital to prevent loss of human lives. On the other hand, based on initial assessments, the material damage has been extensive.More than 15.000 ha have been flooded and the current assessment indicate the following damages: 4,715 buildings, 41 business, 127 road sections, 177 schools, 78 bridges, 30water supply stations, 11 dams, 26 electrical stations, 29 dikes and one water pumping station.",10
3333,"source: iscg. 1.2min need of immediate WASH support. gap between targeted and need: 636’000 individuals.• Based on the Humanitarian Response Plan the current target of the WASH Sector is 1,166,000, out of which 853,309 are targeted for Water, 914,899 for Sanitation and 1,166,000 for Hygiene. • There is a continuous new influx of refugees resulting in the increase in population at multiple sites which is overloading existing WASH facilities due to heavy use. In addition these new arrivals are in urgent need of WASH NFI’s (jerrycans for storage/transportation of water) • Reception areas close to border area have very limited safe water and sanitation facilities. Based on the influx working group discussion sector partners are providing bottled water and setting up mobile sanitation facilities. • The existing public health conditions in the different areas due to space limitation and terrain, combined with the increased population, has greatly increased the risk of serious public health hazards. As a part of AWD preparedness and response plans sector partners have to preposition contingency supplies. WASH and health sector partners will be jointly visiting different sites/camps to select appropriate locations for setting up DTC/DTU• Total estimated gap for immediate WASH services (total needs minus total response): 636,000 individuals • Physical access within the new sites is a major concern in scaling up the WASH emergency response. • With the on-going influx, congestion in the receiving sites is a major concern; overburdening existing facilities; complicating access for emptying latrines is increasing the public health risk in these sites. Faecal sludge management remains a high priority for the WASH Sector. To address the sludge management, partners are developing multiple context specific technologies for all the sites • Reliable access to health statistics, water quality testing/mapping and demarcation/naming of the camps/ zones, will be essential to ensure rapid response in the case of epidemics. ",11
6910,"Airstrikes on Ma’arrat An Nu’man town reportedly damaged the Ain Al-Zarqa water station, which, according to local media sources, provides water to 125,000 people in Ma’arrat An Nu’man town and surrounding communities.",11
8199,"A number of students in the camp for dispalced people Kassab, in North Darfur's Kutum locality, were injured after they were beaten and robbed of their mobile phones by armed men during class on Sunday. The children were revising their lessons, a camp sheikh told Radio Dabanga, when militiamen on camels arrived and started abusing the children. “They also beat a number of displaced people who went out of Kassab camp to collect straw and firewood",2
4094,Parents reported that lack of stationaries and education materials is affecting the quality of the offer proposed by public schools. 50 percent of respondents stated that this represents a significant challenge for students.,2
6858,"Ship loading resumed at Ivory Coast's two ports in the cities of Abidjan and San Pedro on Thursday, cocoa exporters said, after a temporary shutdown a day earlier due to unrest in some factions of the security forces.",9
5335,"Forty-two Somali refugees were killed when a helicopter gunship attacked their boat off Yemen on Thursday, the United Nations refugee agency said, and Somalia called on the Saudi-led coalition fighting in the country to investigate.",9
3918,"Needs 1. People in camps and out of camps settings continue to require summer NFIs, adequate shelter and fuel for generators. 2. There is a signicant gap of mattresses identied in camps in Ninewa governorate. Signicant gaps for winterization including winter NFI and kerosene were identied in Centre South and Kirkuk governorates. 3. Shelter in camps for the anticipated West Anbar and Hawiga response is needed, including repair and maintenance of existing shelter.",10
6981,"“Patients are suffering over the CBA dispute. Families have lost their loved ones since the strike started, whereas the Head of State and even the opposition National Super Alliance continue with campaigns ahead of the August 8 general election.",4
10011,"Cuba: Initial assessments suggest that up to 90 per cent of houses are destroyed in the worst affected areas. Businesses, schools, public buildings and essential services have been destroyed as well. In view of the large scale of destruction in some affected areas, the rehabilitation of damaged houses and emergency shelter structures is a priority, as is the distribution of essential Non-food items.",10
10035,"Garissa: Children under five years at risk of malnutrition increased from 22.7% to 23.5%. The mid at risk levels reduced creassed from 17.8%to 13.2%, the moderately malnourished increased 5.6%to 12.3%. The severely malnourished children reduced from 10% to 4.69%.",8
11330,25%  percentage of income households spend on water ,11
5287,"“Life in the camp is difficult. In order to survive, we gather wood that we sell to the people of the town. We get about 500 Congolese francs (approximately US$0.4) for a bundle of wood. This enables us to buy a cup of flour and a bunch of soft potato leaves.”",9
1386,"Overall, risks associated with civilians movement peaked in the months before truce agreements were signed, decreased immediately afterwards, and later returned.",9
2553,"Close to 8,000 learners are now back in school in Kerio Valley after armed police officers were deployed to guard at least 100 institutions. But Education officials say some 2,000 children remain unaccounted for in Elgeyo Marakwet, West Pokot, Turkana and parts of Baringo. Heavily armed security officers are patrolling most areas in Kerio Valley to keep away bandits who have been terrorising the region.“We have about 2,000 children who are yet to report back to schools and we urge all parents to ensure they take the children to schools with improved security in Kerio Valley,” KNPA chairman Nicholas Maiyo told the Star on the phone yesterday.He said most of the children fled with parents from Pokot and Marakwet. Matiang'i visited Kerio Valley last week to implement new security measures to end banditry attacks.West Pokot Knut executive secretary Martin Sembelo said most schools have reopened, but there is a shortage of teachers. “Some teachers asked for transfers due to the frequent attacks along the border with Elgeyo Marakwet county, but we hope all of them will return,” he said yesterday.",2
5258,"There has been an alarming rise in cases of the measles in Ghouta, Syria. According to EWARN, there have been 121 cases in the past two months, compared to 50 cases in the past two years.",4
5566,"The difference in food insecurity between households headed by women and men was decreasing until December 2015. However, following the economic shock in 2015, the increase in food insecurity in December 2015 had a much greater impact on women headed households. In December 2016, food insecurity prevalence was 33 percent for households headed by a woman, while it was 20 percent for household headed by a man.",3
6579,"The media also highlighted the so-called storm-water drains filled with garbage. Previous city governments would begin cleaning drains, or launch such an exercise ahead of the monsoon. This year no such efforts were reported, though a large number of houses were demolished along Gujjar Nullah, part of which continues to be choked with solid waste.",11
5780,"With vehicles crushed and overturned and buildings reduced to skeletons of mangled steel and rubble, the Philippine city of Marawi resembles the aftermath of a war that lasted years, rather than months.Except for small clusters of troops dotted amid the ruins and skinny cats and dogs scavenging for food, the heart of Marawi is a ghost town, all but destroyed by the Philippines' biggest and fiercest urban battle in recent history.The scale of the damage was stark as a convoy of vans carrying reporters and cameramen followed an army truck through one district after another, stopping off at key intersections recently cleared of unexploded munitions and booby traps. ",7
2050, At least 40 people have been confirmed dead in Daynuunaay Village Southern West of Somalia following an outbreak of cholera. ,4
5772,"The international medical charity Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) said it receives at least 15 cases of suspected cholera daily at its treatment centre in Aburoc in South Sudan’s Fashoda State.The head of mission, Marcus Bachman, said in a statement that the cases are part of an outbreak declared in the area two weeks ago.",4
6605,"In March, partners in South Sudan continued to respond to health emergencies including an outbreak of Rift Valley fever, measles and a suspected outbreak of meningitis, in different parts of the country. The outbreak of Rift Valley fever continued to evolve in parts of Lakes, with a total of 40 cases and four related deaths reported in Yirol East, Yirol West and Awerial. However, the suspected meningitis outbreak in Torit, Eastern Equatoria, first reported on 15 February 2018, started to decline, with only two suspected cases reported during March. A total of 173 suspected cases with 31 deaths (CFR = 17.92 per cent) have been reported, as partners continued investigations into the illness",4
10832,"Tropical Cyclone ENAWO continued moving west south-west over the south-western Indian Ocean and towards north-eastern Madagascar, strengthening. On 7 March at 6.00 UTC, its centre was located approx. 50 km north-east of Antalaha city (Antsiranana Province) and had max. sustained wind speed of 231 km/h.On 7 March morning (UTC), it is forecast to continue moving west south-west and make landfall close to Antalaha city as an intense Tropical Cyclone with max. sustained winds of 220 - 230 km/h. Heavy rain, storm surge and strong winds may affect the north-eastern and central-eastern areas of the country. JRC estimations indicate a max. storm surge height of 1.3 m along the coast of Helodrano Antongila Bay, on 7 March at 13.00 UTC.As of 7 March at 7.00 UTC, Meteo Madagascar has issued a Red Alert in several areas of Diana, Sava, Sofia, Analanjirofo, Alaotra-Mangoro, Atsinanana regions.",7
10317,"Th e ongoing confl ict, drought, poor water availability and sanitation coupled with worsened food security and displacement contribute to the risks of increased mortality and morbidity, thus there is an urgent need to ensure the provision of basic health services. Th e estimations of existing coverage highlight that 5.7 million people, out of the total population of 12.3 million, lack access to essential health services. Despite relative control over the AWD/cholera epidemic, FSNAU data continues to show critical levels of severe acute malnutrition, high levels of morbidity in surveyed populations and Crude Death Rates (CDR) and/or Under-Five Death Rate (U5DR) which have surpassed emergency thresholds.47 Needs are especially high amongst IDPs and in areas controlled by nonstate armed actors, where access to health services is either absent or extremely limited. Also amongst underserved, rural areas where drought is most severe",4
4638,"From April to May, the majority of poor households will have access to food from their own production, complemented by market purchases. As anticipated in the February Outlook, poor households are providing agricultural labor for betteroff households and are expected to be paid mostly in-kind, though cash payment may be possible post-harvest. Also, households are now increasing their income through the sale of recently harvested foods, while most of the cash crops, such as sesame and cotton, are still growing in the fields. Self-employment activities will continue to be minimal, as typical, for this time of the year.",3
7522,"Conflict in Yemen is the primary driver of the largest food security emergency in the world, with 7 to 10 million people in Crisis (IPC Phase 3), or worse, and in need of urgent humanitarian assistance. Of this total, at least two million people are in Emergency (IPC Phase 4) and face an increased risk of mortality. In addition to the impact of conflict on household livelihoods, market functioning, and humanitarian access, the deteriorating macroeconomic situation is affecting the private sector’s ability to import food. In a worst-case scenario, where food imports drop substantially for a sustained period of time or where conflict persistently prevents the flow of food to local markets, Famine (IPC Phase 5) is possible.",3
3659,"Currently, over 98,000 people remain displaced in camps/sites in Kachin and northern Shan as a result of the armed conflict that resumed in 2011*. Many shelters built in 2011/12 did not meet minimum standards in terms of size, structural safety and durability. Unless solutions are found, it is a perpetual cycle of replacing sub-standard or no longer habitable temporary shelters. As of June 2017, only 83 per cent of the target IDPs in Kachin and 69 per cent in Shan had benefited from projects to repair or reconstruct damaged temporary shelters due to limited funding. While the need for mass blanket NFI distributions has passed, some NFIs are needed for vulnerable cases but infrequently and in modest numbers. Key CCCM needs are: 1) humanitarian assistance is wellmanaged and coordinated; 2) participatory and communitybased development approaches are integrated into planningand implementation; 3) when return or relocation is possible, IDPs are well-prepared to rebuild their lives within a reasonable amount of time and be able to contribute to social cohesion.",7
3622,"Meher production prospects are mostly favorable, although dry spells and Fall Armyworm could result in some crop losses in some areas.n estimated 22 percent of maize area planted is infested by Fall Armyworm (FAW), which could result in crop losses in the main maize belts of the country. Moreover, with heavy rainfall forecasted to continue in the coming weeks, flooding could cause damage to crops and houses, as well as loss of life, in some localized area.",3
10684,"Children and youth are under fire in schools, particularly in the areas concentrated along the ‘contact line’. More than 200,000 children, youth and educators in these areas are in immediate need for safe and protective schools to learn and recover. Hundreds of thousands of students and teachers need education support to cope with the ongoing impacts of the conflict. Further from the conflict line, an estimated 648,000 students and teachers1 in more than 3,400 education facilities continue to suffer from the widespread and cumulative impacts of the conflict that started in 2014. As a result of the conflict, the education system has been fragmented into distinct administrative segments worsening pre-existing conditionsin education.Since the start of 2017, at least 55 educational facilities were directly impacted by continuous hostilities, affecting education and well-being of thousands of children and teachers. Of these, at least 24 schools were damaged by shelling and another 27 had to close for a period, disrupting education for days or weeks.",2
9841,"• Boko Haram: For the purpose of this scenario, conflict involving the Boko Haram insurgency is expected to persist in the northeast of Nigeria at similar levels as in recent months, in terms of number of conflict events and fatalities. Conflict is most likely in Borno and northern Adamawa, but also in parts of Yobe State. Further population displacement is likely as well as returns of refugees from neighboring countries in the Lake Chad region, particularly as the rainy season finalizes. Most returnees are likely to arrive in urban areas rather than their original homesteads. The multinational joint task force will likely intensify their operations in difficult to access areas.   •   Community-level conflict: Conflict between semi-nomadic pastoralists and local farmers is expected to persist, as well as inter-tribal conflict. These conflicts will remain primarily in central states and localized areas of the south. Conflict between pastoralists and farmers will likely intensify during the peak harvest period . ",3
1181,"On 15 Jan three lanslides in: Lima, Huarochiri, and Yauyos all in Lima dpt. 680 people affected, 16 people injured.  1 school damaged and  one transport system damaged",6
9273,"'Programmes that aim to improve protection of women are generally underfunded,' she said, 'even though attacks, such as gender-based violence, increase during emergencies.' ",9
2911,"Idlib’s water and electricity networks are off the government grid and powered by diesel-run generators, Ismail Anadani, the head of the Idlib City Council, tells Syria Direct’s Bahira al-Zarier. Water rationing means that each of the city’s 10 sectors gets water for four hours every 10 days.",7
9938,"The average cost of minimum food basket marginally declined in June and estimated at 3,136 YER compared to 3,141 YER in May, and it was 33% higher than in the pre-crisis period (Chart 2).",3
3663,"The SOHR learned that the organization managed to control Uqayribat town, which is its main stronghold in Hama after days of fighting, in which the organization managed to carry out repel, consecutive and violent attacks against the regime forces that had controlled the town days ago, and the clashes are accompanied by car bombs and suicide bombs of ISIS members, while the regime forces started their violent attacks in the area in an attempt to restore it from the organization, amid heavy artillery and missile shelling and airstrikes targeting the clash areas, and the regime forces managed yesterday to impose control over the power station and two villages in the eastern countryside of Salamiyah, within the continued fighting aimed at ending the presence of ISIS in Hama province.",6
4827," More than 40 percent of Syrian refugee children living in neighbouring countries are not being educated and the number is rising due to a lack of funding and bullying in schools, children's rights group KidsRights said on Tuesday.",2
11480,": The private sector has effectively replaced decaying infrastructure in Syria, although at high cost and uncertain quality. Allowing market forces to manage WASH services and quantity, and targeting emergency response activities on increasing affordability with well-targeted subsidies and improving water quality and regulation via WSPs can be an effective, scalable, and cost-effective strategy to guarantee water and sanitation access in protracted emergencies with local markets",11
1318,"As of December 2016, the regional authorities in Diffa estimated displaced people at more than 240,000 people including refugees, returnees and internally displaced people. Important humanitarian needs are identified in the sectors of food, health care, nutrition, education, shelter and non-food items, protection as well as access to water, sanitation and hygiene.",8
198,"On the other hand, the current situation in neighbouring Venezuela has created a new dynamic in the border departments of Colombia, that have received a mass arrival of Venezuelans and Colombians, putting pressure on the receiving families´ food security, considering the prior fragile food and nutrition indexes of some. The gaps and needs due to the lack of timely and sufficient provision of food assistance and healthy habits requires comprehensive solutions with a multisector focus that provide nutritional recuperation and risk management to the different risks presented in the current scenario.",3
9628,Three babies reportedly die in Gaza due to constant power outages ,6
2703,"Colombia’s Ombudsman on Monday called for the closure of some of the nation’s prisons due to extreme overcrowding and a chronic humanitarian crisis that is unfolding, reported El Pais newspaper.Almost a year after garnering national attention, prison overcrowding throughout Colombia continues to climb, due in major part to a backlogged justice system and wholly inadequate facilities.Carlos Negret requested that the Constitutional Court close the prisons in Riohacha in the La Guajira province and Bellavista in Antioquia, which suffer overcrowding rates of 452% and 283% respectively, according to El Pais.",9
5239,"There were 2,630 building starts for new homes in the West Bank last year, a 40 percent increase from 1,884 in 2015, the Israeli financial news outlet Globes reported. The peak for settlement construction in, however, occurred in 2013, with 2,874 building starts. In 2016, building starts in the West Banl accounted for 5 percent of all buildings starts in Israel. Approximately 420,000 Jews currently reside in the West Bank, accounting for 4.8 percent of Israel’s total population. ",10
782,"During the reporting week, 32 local government areas (LGAs) have reached the epidemic threshold of 10 cases per 100,000 populations while 16 LGAs have attained the alert threshold of 3 cases per 100,000 populations. The outbreak is still largely localised to six most affected states [Zamfara, Sokoto, Katsina, Yobe, Kebbi, and Kano]. ",4
2765,"Preliminary results of the registration exercise led by UNHCR and the Refugee Affairs Secretariat (RAS) indicates that more than 80% of the asylum seekers are women and children, including 600 pregnant women and 1,500 children under five, and an average household consists of six to seven members. Many other asylum seekers are reportedly being hosted by families within the local population. The most critical needs and gaps in the ongoing response are WASH, Health, Shelter and Protection. Poor sanitation and hygiene due to insufficient latrines and lack of solid waste management is a risk factor for disease outbreak with the ongoing rains. The insecure environment in Somare holding ground, based on its location and topography, exposes women children, and especially girls, to the risk of Sexual and Gender-based Violence. Shelter is also insufficient, causing asylum seekers to occupy Dambala Fachana Health Centre including in the maternity wing, thus disrupting health service provision. There is also reported shortage of essential drugs especially for under- fives, no postnatal beds and inadequate personnel, as there is only one nurse in the health facility.",4
6102,"With the onset of winter, new clothes for newborn babies and children, including hats and socks, are urgently needed. Women need scarf and maxi. .   Additional needs include kitchen sets, bucket with lid, cooking stoves and alternative fuel sources.",7
3775,An estimated 1 million children are believed to be in psychosocial distress,4
35,"During recent months, 17,367 Iraqis returned from Syria in seven convoys organized by the Ministry of Migration and Displacement (MoMD) in conjunction with the Ministry of Transportation. Most of the families originated from Ba’aj, Sinjar, Telafar, Rabea and Zummar in Ninewa and had been displaced during military operations. The most recent movement took place on 14 December, when 192 families (1,152 individuals) were transferred from Al Hol refugee camp in Syria to Jeddah camp in Ninewa. The families informed UNHCR that camp management in Al Hol had confiscated documents and core relief items (CRIs) prior to their departure. All said they intend to stay in camps for the foreseeable future due the presence of armed groups in their areas of origin. Most cited poor living conditions in Al Hol refugee camp as a key push factor behind their decision to return to Iraq. Further movements are expected to take place in the coming weeks. Many of the families that had previously moved from Al Hol to IDP camps in Iraq have for months been without legal documents. Many lack financial resources and the necessary freedom of movement to travel to their areas of origin to replace them. UNHCR in Iraq and Syria has been engaging authorities to explore a possible transfer of documents confiscated in Syria to Iraq. Similarly, between 12 and 18 December MoMD organized the return of 347 Iraqis from Turkey. UNHCR’s protection partner was present at the border crossing point, monitored the process and interviewed 40 households from Anbar and Telafar, Mosul, Ba’aj and Sinjar in Ninewa. The predominantly Turkman families reported returning to resume work as civil servants and a lack of access to services and livelihood opportunities in Turkey or because their permits had not been renewed by Turkish authorities. Most of the families have returned to or are temporarily settled in Mosul, while some have moved to other areas of origin. UNHCR continues to monitor the group as well as other cross border movements to identify possible protection concerns.",9
7806,"According to the World Health Organisation (WHO), the number of suspected cases continues to rise. On 6 August 2017, 463 000 suspected cholera cases and 1 940 deaths were reported in 22 of the 23 Yemen governorates and 297 of the 333 districts.",4
236,"A local employee with an international aid group in Myanmar's conflict-torn Rakhine State was stabbed to death by 'terrorists', the government said Saturday, the latest in a spate of grisly killings blamed on Rohingya militants.",9
3204,"Zambia Red Cross Society provides assistance to over 1,000 asylum seekers from the Democratic Republic of the Congo",1
7479,"The main reported needs for the IDP families are food and non-food items. The municipalities in the area reported shortages in medicine and medical supplies to deal with chronic illnesses and noted that 88 people are in need of urgent medical attention in relation to chronic illnesses (diabetes, hypertension and cardiac problems), and 23 people with disabilities need specialized care",3
3001,"The Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary- General, Resident and Humanitarian Coordinator for Somalia, Mr Peter de Clercq, has expressed deep concern over reports of the unannounced destruction of internally displaced persons (IDPs) settlements, along with humanitari an infrastructure, in K13, Kahda District of Banadir, Mogadishu.“I am deeply saddened to learn of evictions, without prior notice, of internally displaced persons, in Banadir region. Some of these displaced people have walked long distances from different parts of the country fleeing drought and conflict. On 29 and 30 December, over 23 IDP settlements, housing over 4,000 IDP households, were destroyed. Personal property and livelihoods have also been lost as people were not given time to collect their belo ngings before the destruction started. Families, including children, women and the elderly are now living in the open,” said de Clercq. In addition to engaging with authorities to ensure a solution for the newly displaced people, humanitarians are mobilizing resources to provide life -saving assistance to the affect“I am equally concerned that when everyone is seized of the agenda of improving the lives of Somalis, humanitarian and development installations are being senselessly destroyed, including schools, latrines, water points, sanitation centres, shelters and other related investments generously supported by donors ,” said de Clercq. “I call upon all parties to protect and assist all civilian people who have fled conflict and drought and that have already suffered so much. Humanitarians stand ready to cooperate with and support the authorities in this regard.”ed people.",5
429,Aleppo continues to report the poorest food consumption scores,3
317,"Th e most pressing humanitarian needs in 2018 are: (i) immediate access to food and nutrition; (ii) rural livelihood support to restore own food access, prevent further displacement, and enable early return or local integration or settlement elsewhere for the willing and able, (iii) urban livelihood support to improve own food access and facilitate integration in the same location or elsewhere. Th e outcomes of 2017 seasonal food security and nutrition assessments are testimony to how fast and far food security can decline in Somalia. With poor rains anticipated for a fourth consecutive season, drought is likely to extend into 2018 and could worsen already dire food security conditions. Th erefore, improvements to the situation will be driven primarily by humanitarian assistance, which must be sustained.",3
757,It is believed that many more are displaced inside South Kivu in difficult conditions without shelter or food.,10
473,"Food security assessments conducted in late March by FSNAU also indicate severe pasture and water shortage and significant loss of livestock in northeastern and central regions, leading to further deterioration of the food security in Hawd, Addun and central parts of Cowpea Belt livelihood zones, Bakool pastoral and agropastoral areas of Hiran deteriorated from Crisis (IPC Phase 3) to Emergency (IPC Phase 4). Atypical livestock off-take (high death and distress sale), accumulated debts, destitution, and displacement have been observed across most parts of these livelihoods.",3
6330,"However, as a result of persistent conflict, almost all governorates are reporting shortage of agricultural inputs as well as high price of inputs with implications for the current agriculture season.",0
2191,"More than 58,000 internally displaced people are living in Amran, according to one report from the Task Force on Population Movements. This is the highest number of displaced people in the country. Amran is one of the poorest areas, with very low health indicators.",4
5348,"8057 cases and 745 deaths to meningitis. 9 states— Zamfara, Sokoto, Katsina, Kebbi, Niger, and Yobe—reached alert/epidemic threshold status.  ",4
11283,"The floods caused an avalanche of mud and bricks that wiped away “much of the city” little after midnight, Mayor Jose Antonio Castro was quoted as saying by newspaper El Tiempo.",1
11888,"There has been a continued deterioration in the humanitarian situation across sectors. Access to water (for all purposes including drinking) is now a major issue for the majority of the remaining population. Although the water network was providing water in parts of the city at the time of the last assessment two weeks ago, it is no longer functioning and KIs reported that almost no one has sufficient water to meet their household needs. Further, KIs reported a rise in the incidence of water borne diseases due to increasing reliance on river water for drinking.",11
4875,"The production of rice is expected to fall in the next cycle as around 600,000 hectares of Aman paddy fields have been inundated with floodwater.According to a floods bulletin issued by the Department of Disaster Management on Monday, a total of 591,647 hectares of Aman paddy field in 32 districts have been affected.  Unofficial sources, however, put the total damage to crops including paddy far higher.  According to the Ministry of Agriculture, the average Aman paddy production in Bangladesh is around 2.5 tons per hectare. Therefore the country is expected to produce around 1.5 million tons less Aman paddy this season.  In addition, around 5,000 hectares of vegetable crops have been inundated while around 8,000 hectares of Aush paddy has also been badly hit by the floods ahead of harvesting.",0
488,"Food shortages are reportedly causing malnutrition among those remaining in westMosul. According to media reports, among the new arrivals coming from Mosul, a growingnumber of children are showing signs of malnutrition – most of them less than six-monthsold.Families who have managed to flee the city continue to report that food in west Mosul isin extremely short supply. Lack of potable water, electricity, and fuel are also frequentlymentioned by newly displaced families who recently arrived in camps east of Mosul.",3
11216,"parties continue to use starvation, fear tactics and the denial of food, water, medical supplies, and other forms of aid as methods of war.",4
8092,"Morocco sentences 25 activists to 18 months in prison Moroccan protesters shout slogans during a demonstration in downtown Rabat on Sunday (AFP)  A court in Morocco on Wednesday sentenced 25 demonstrators and suspected members of a grassroots protest movement to 18 months in jail each, a defence attorney said.  They were among 32 people arrested more than two weeks ago after clashes that erupted in the port of al-Hoceima when police tried to detain the head of the movement, Nasser Zefzafi.",9
182,"Over 12.27 metric tonnes (41 cubic metres) of supplies were dispatched to partners during the reporting period supporting WASH, Health, Child Protection and Nutrition programmes.",11
1088,"Total number of suspected cases of cholera reported in the state is 4963, with 61 deaths (CFR = 1.2%); 2517 cases in the Muna corridor (Jere LGA), 736 cases in Dikwa, 1663 cases in Monguno, cases in MMC and Mafa stands at 38 and 6 respectively ? Out of the 253 samples tested using RDTs, 206 (82%) were positive while 117 (67%) of 174 samples cultured were positive.",4
10944,Above-average rainfall across northwestern Namibia and western Zambia since early March has increased the risk for flooding along the Cuvelai Iishanas river basin and the Zambezi floodplains over northern Namibia.,1
6133,"KIs from all mahallas reported that formal schools remained operational. However, access to education had decreased since July in all mahallas except for As-Sahil and El-Fataih, primarily due to decreasing economic means and liquidity among residents of those areas.",2
6478,"Even as pressure mounted and hundreds of thousands left, many other Rohingya families stayed. Agriculture is central to livelihoods across Rakhine State, and the harvest season for rice, the area’s staple crop, occurs in November and December. Stockpiles from the previous harvest began to run low. The Myanmar military must have known what was to follow when, in many Rohingya villages, it then blocked people from going to their paddy fields.  As the harvest started, Abdu Salam worked for several days. “Then the soldiers came and said, ‘This harvest is not your harvest’,” he told me. “There were many [of us] harvesting there. All of us were forced to leave.” Soon after, he saw non-Rohingya villagers using machinery to harvest the same crops.",0
7810,"Fighting, lack of access to food and water remain the main causes of displacement in and around Mosul. Families recently fleeing Ba’aj and Tel Afar who were interviewed by UNHCR’s protection partners reported that lack of access to clean water and lack of affordable food were the primary reasons for their displacement. IDPs from west Mosul also cite the intense fighting, along with lack of access to food, water and electricity, as rendering living conditions in their places of origin unbearable.",3
6151,"At this stage, Seychelles has not confirmed any plague case on its territory, and there is a very low risk that international travellers would come into contact with plague in Seychelles. WHO advises against any restriction on travel or trade on Seychelles or Madagascar based on the available information.",4
7978,Doctors are treating scores of Rohingya women who have fled Myanmar's violence-wracked Rakhine State for injuries consistent with horrific sex attacks.,4
3193,"More than 3.4 million people need food assistance in Kenya with the number of severely food insecure (IPC Phases 3 and 4) rising from 2.2 million to 2.6 million. In the pastoral areas, food insecurity is projected to increase as livelihood resources continue to deteriorate through at least mid-October. Food prices continue to rise, and decreasing income is likely further reduce food access and consumption at the household level. In addition, severe water shortages have impacted thousands across the drought affected counties including Wajir and Turkana. Food insecurity is expected to peak in September, October with additional areas in Wajir moving into Crisis (IPC Phase 3), while households in Turkana (Turkana East, Turkana South and Turkana North) are likely to face Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes. The worsening drought situation, is further compounded by funding shortfalls in Kenya. Again, the recent national elections have negatively impacted delivery of humanitarian assistance in the drought affected counties. In Wajir the government has stopped vital water delivery to over 150 villages due to budgets not being released to the water department. With the court decision to have a re-run of the elections in Kenya it is likely that critical assistance will continue to be affected. The ongoing nurses’ strike has continued to impact the health and nutrition sector which is coupled by a national cholera outbreak that is currently active in 8 counties. Over 800 cases of AWD/cholera and 30 deaths were reported from Nairobi. The rainfall outlook for the next three months indicates further stress to livelihoods as the dry season unfolds",4
6820,"623 cases of dengue fever in 2017, with 2 deaths and CFR of 0.3%",4
1202,"The perpetual attacks and insecurity have reduced access to basic humanitarian needs, including health services for more than 350 000 Cameroonians. Meanwhile, about 20 health facilities in the region are no longer functional, either because they have been destroyed, healthcare workers have left or due to lack of access by the affected communities.The ongoing influx of refugees from Nigeria and Central African Republic, internal displacement and different ongoing health emergencies put additional burdens on the already strained health system and services. This inadequate healthcare system leads to low immunization coverage resulting into recurrence of disease outbreaks, particularly measles. In addition, limited access to safe water and poor hygiene and sanitation noted in the affected communities could lead to cholera outbreaks.",4
5880,"An estimated 7.5 million people need nutrition assistance, with 2.9 million people who will require treatment for acute malnutrition, including 1.8 million children under the age of five and 1.1 million pregnant and lactating women (PLW). 2.3 million of PLW and caretakers of children 0-23 months will require infant and young child feeding counselling. Main challenges faced by nutrition partners include bureaucratic and administrative impediments to deliver assistance, non-payment of salaries for the health workers, access constraints and limited number of community health workers in the country.",8
9042,"AFP cases were reported during this week, (3) cases from Deir-ez-Zor, (3) cases from Damascus, one case from Dar’a, and one case from Aleppo.  50) Suspected Measles cases were reported during this week; mostly from Lattakia (8) cases, from ArRaqqa (9) cases, and from Damascus (7) cases. ",4
10085,"Need gaps: in 87% of locations, KIs indicated fuel among the top three most urgent needs, followed by 61% indicating cooking items, and 42% the provision of shelter materials.",7
4412,"Many child asylum seekers in Turkey are not going to school because of arbitrary policies for asylum seekers, Human Rights Watch said today. The Turkish interior ministry should revise the policies for non-Syrian asylum seekers that are preventing these vulnerable children from getting an education, despite their right to it under Turkish and international law.",2
7040,"The recent influx of newly displaced populations into Pulka town from Cameroon has put a strain on humanitarian services, most notably with regards to shelter, water, sanitation and hygiene services. A significant challenge has been allocating land within the small security perimeter to build new shelters for those who are arriving to Pulka. As a result, new arrivals have been forced to live in common shelters with poor sanitation conditions.",1
629,"WHAT IS A MOBILE HEALTH CLINIC? The mobile health clinics serve communities in Area C, H2 and seam zones that have no access to primary healthcare services. The mobile health clinics include a doctor, nurse and midwife. They provide primary health care services for a community and also provide curative treatment and some laboratory tests on a daily basis. The clinic is registered and licensed to practice by the MOH. The clinic visits each community at least 4 times per month. There is an established referral mechanism with basic rehabilitation care providers.",4
1453,Palestine refugees often have fewer coping mechanisms in comparison with their Syrian counterparts and their options to legally travel outside of Syria are severely restricted. ,9
3831,"35,857 IDP families still displaced. 215,142 IDP individuals still displaced. Number of IDPs by main district of displacement: 110,406 (Mosul) ",9
7128,The sector considers all new IDPs to be food insecure for the first three months. ,3
2419,"The deterioration nutrition in children is expected to reach its peak at the end of the lean season in March. Although a good harvest is anticipated, which will contribute to significant improvements of the nutrition and food security conditions, overall, the nutrition situation is expected to remain poor until July 2017 as historically, the peak of acute malnutrition occurs at the end of the lean season in March.",3
10732,"Pneumonic plague has killed five people in Madagascar since August, a top health official said, but stressed the situation was under control.We have detected 22 suspected cases of pneumonic plague, including five deaths,' said senior health ministry official Willy Randriamarotia.",4
4330,"In the area of health, the long-lasting consequences of the conflict include shortages of qualified medical  personnel and life-saving medicines and the destruction of health infrastructure, leaving many without  access to basic medical care. Medical facilities have been targeted by aerial bombardments, resulting in  fatalities and destruction of facilities. Impeding the delivery of essential medical supplies, equipment and  treatment, has been used as a weapon of war while there are continuous reports on the removal of  medicines and medical supplies from aid convoys and attacks on medical facilities and personnel.  ",6
8759,The humanitarian community in Libya is perturbed by the continued lack of humanitarian access and subsequent assistance into Derna despite repeated requests. Humanitarian actors have not been allowed to deliver life-saving assistance to Derna such as supplies to support medical facilities and other basic services as well as to provide food and non-food items to those in need. Shortages in medicine and medical supplies are reaching critical levels and the first food shortages are being reported.,7
11457,"Even before Hurricane Matthew hit Haiti in October 2016, children were suffering from high levels of vulnerability due to the three-year El-Niño-induced drought, related food insecurity and malnutrition, and considerable child protection concerns. ",1
4893,"The World Food Programme (WFP) and Egypt’s National Food Safety Authority (NFSA) today signed a five-year agreement to raise public awareness on food safety and hygiene as well as building the government’s capacity to ensure access to safe nutritious food. Through the signed agreement, WFP will work on developing an online training platform for food safety inspectors on key issues related to food safety such as good practices for food manufacturing, food handling and efficient supply chains.   As per the agreement, WFP and NFSA will launch several public awareness campaigns in hypermarkets, public parks and public transportation. WFP will further develop the current NFSA website to be used as a platform for sharing public awareness messages on food safety measures.  ",3
1576,Coastal areas: Groundwater recharge for Omdel and Kuiseb aquifers was minimal and brought little relief to coastal areas. The supply from the aquifers and desalinated water from the Areva plant just meets the basic water needs of the coastal areas. Urgent interventions are thus required in developing additional water sources.,11
8048,"A total of 2,411 undocumented Afghans spontaneously returned or were deported from Iran through Milak border crossing in Nimroz province from 26 February to 4 March, a 6% decrease compared with the previous week. Out of the total, 890 were spontaneous returnees and 1,521 were deportees. No returnees arrived through Islam Qala border. This brings the total number of undocumented returnees from Iran since 1 January 2017 to 46,836.",9
3172,"Tana River County had lost 15 per cent of its livestock, County National Drought Management Authority (NDMA) coordinator Abdi Mussa said. The economic losses to the herders run into billions of shillings. The drought has also increased human-wildlife conflicts.",5
8826,We started with acre upon acre of severely parched soil in Jenin. The environment was polluted by wastewater runoff as crops continued to dry up. The fields had been neglected for years and were left uncultivated during summer. This was mainly due to the scarcity of water and farmers’ lack of financial resources.,5
10236,"WFP relief to 65,000 displaced people almost has to be cut. UNHAS has had to limit where they deliver due to funding gaps.",1
919,"In Surat Thani province, several homes and basic infrastructure in Bang Sawan subdistrict have been damaged by fallen trees and debris swept along in flash floods. Residents were forced to go without running water or electricity for over 24 hours, until authorities were able to restore power. One person reportedly drowned in the floodwaters.",6
9627,"As of the end September it is estimated that over 588,500 Syrian refugee children were enrolled in temporary education centres and Turkish public schools across the country – a 23 per cent increase compared to 2016.3 Nevertheless, an estimated 390,000 children remain out of school and efforts continue to provide them with quality, inclusive educational opportunities.",2
2084,"• Armyworm has been reported in more than 60 districts in Uganda, and field reports indicate that maize fields have been widely infested in some areas. Crop damage has also been observed in high-production areas. Based on field visits and key informant information, FEWS NET estimates that first season maize production could be nearly 40 percent below average as a result of the combined impact of the armyworm damage and below average rainfall. ",3
10345,"Dry spells are common in January and usually allows households to engage in weeding and late planting. However, due to the atypically wet conditions across the region, income from these activities in January will be significantly less this season, further constraining food access for poor households relying on market purchases. ",5
630,"Following at least two consecutive poor rainy seasons, food security needs are expected to peak in October 2017 as food and income sources are below-average across most of pastoral and marginal agricultural areas. As a result, Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes are expected through early December in areas of Turkana, Marsabit, Mandera, Wajir, Isiolo, Garissa, Tana River, Samburu, and Laikipia, requiring urgent humanitarian assistance. However, an improvement to Stressed (IPC Phase 2) outcomes is expected across all pastoral areas in early 2018; however, some of the most vulnerable households are still likely to be in Crisis (IPC Phase 3).  ",3
10116,3.5 million people in IPC Phase 2 (through June 2017) ,3
9086,"In North Kivu, Mai Mai groups are causing insecurity along the shores of Lake Edward. They reportedly killed several park guards and wild animals, took dozens of canoes and extorted fishermen. In Masisi territory, armed men killed the chief of Bishasha on January 7. On January 12, alleged ADF rebels set 18 motorbikes on fire in an ambush. During a Mai Mai attack on the Beni prison “Kangwayi” on January 15, one person was killed and several others injured.",9
10978,"The rains damaged the power supply system, uprooted many electric poles and big trees, besides damaging many homes, crops and various properties in different parts of the four northeastern states – Mizoram, Tripura, Manipur and Nagaland, the officials sai",7
1101,"Many IDPs living in camps or camp-like situations remain dependent on humanitarian assistance to meet basic needs. For some, this is a result of continued restrictions on their freedom of movement while for others it relates largely to limited livelihoods opportunities. ",1
3906,"The widespread floods have so far affected 1.7 million people in 582,725 households. The flood toll as of Monday morning was 85 killed and four missing.",1
6156,"Returns from Iran: A total of 9,351 undocumented Afghans spontaneously returned or were deported from Iran from 2-8 April, all of them through Milak border in Nimroz province. Islam Qala border remains closed for undocumented returns due to recent flooding. Out of the total spontaneous returnees, 264 (8%) were in family groups and 3,244 (92%) were individuals. Similarly, out of the total deportees, 519 (9%) were in family groups whereas 5,288 (91%) were individuals. This brings the total number of undocumented returnees from Iran since 1 January 2017 to 74,992. IOM provided post-arrival humanitarian assistance to 404 (2%) undocumented Afghans deported from Iran at its Transit Center in Nimroz, including 38 unaccompanied migrant children, 25 medical cases, 24 special cases, 7 single parents and 6 unaccompanied elderly.",9
11110,"Over the last 30 days and longer, abnormal dryness persists as a problem across much of Haiti. Many weeks of slightly suppressed rain have led to 30-day moisture deficits of 50-100mm or more across most departments of Haiti and northern Dominican Republic. These anomalies equate to less than 80% of normal, or even less than 50% of normal rainfall. Moisture deficits also stretch through the previous 90-day period along the southern portion of the island. Still, ground conditions are average, with predominantly positive index values throughout Hispaniola.",0
7444,"On October 15, 2017, continuous heavy rains brought about by the Intertropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ) caused flooding in some parts of Zamboanga del Norte and Zamboanga del Sur affecting seven (46) barangays.6,643 families or 44,638 persons are affected in 46 barangays (See Table 1).There are 882 families or 4,159 Persons currently staying inside 4 evacuation centers (see Table 2). 5,761 families or 40,479 persons are currently staying with their relatives and/or friends (see Table 3).There are 669 damaged houses; 191 of which are totally damaged and 478 are partially damaged (See Table 4).",10
3302,On 13 Jan lanslide due to heavy rains in Moquegua. 64 people affected. 1 school affected 1 health facility affected crops destroyed. ,2
11443,"Militia fighters attacked, kidnapped and raped en masse a large group of women in an isolated area of Central African Republic last month, Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) said on Thursday.   The medical charity treated 10 survivors of the Feb. 17 violence near Kiriwiri, a village in the country’s northwest. Fearing further attacks if they tried to reach a hospital, the women were unable to seek medical treatment until about two weeks later, it said.   Many other victims remained behind, fearing that, as rape victims, they would be stigmatized in their community.",9
10986,"At least two people-a woman and a boy were confirmed to have been killed within a space of two months, according to sources at the camp and police.Another gruesome attack took place last Sunday involving a 47 year old Rwandan national Bavumiragira Deogratias.",9
5011,"Malawi Red Cross Society, Lilongwe City Council and DODMA officials are currently underway assessing the situation on the ground and affected households.  ",1
8217,"One year afer the hurricane, 1 million people are still in need of some form of humanitarian assistance, including 900,000 people whose houses were afected, part of whom are the 1,600 IDPs still living in evacuation centers and camp-like settlements in Sud and Grand’Anse departments. Tese people are currently living in shelter that are below humanitarian standards which further exposes them to natural risks. Recovery needs remain a priority; people still need further support including economic, infrastructural rehabilitation and livelihood stabilization to recover from the disaster.",7
5055,Media body criticizes banning of foreign journalists in South Sudan The Association for Media Development in South Sudan (AMDISS) has criticized the Media Authority for banning 20 foreign journalists from entering or operating within the country for allegedly reporting unsubstantiated and unrealistic stories.The Media Authority said recently that the journalist prohibited from covering issues in South Sudan have often reported stories that have the potential to incite hate and violence among South Sudanese.,9
467,"On 29 Jan heavy rains and landslide 38 PIN, 540 affected, 2 injured. 86 houses affected, roads as well",10
489,"Even when items were available in markets, many civilians could not afford them as the economy of Eastern Ghouta has essentially collapsed and more than 80% of the population is unemployed. Most people in the besieged area rely on charity organizations to meet their basic needs, but anecdotal evidence indicates that even private charity assistance may be in decline.",5
5945,"The source predicted the spread of cholera in the region “if the authorities do not interfere. There are about 30,000 people working in the region's traditional mining industry, in an environment lacking the most basic necessities of life, including clean drinking water.”  ",4
7557,"In Bangladesh, where UN agencies are working on the new contingency plan for 700 000 refugees, the World Food Programme logistics cluster announced that it has distributed emergency rice to 450 000 people.  According to press reports, government sources in Bangladesh announced that all unaccompanied children under the age of 18 years will be held in separate camps for which 200 acres of land, 10% of the land allocated so far for the Rohingya refugees, should be separated.",10
10182,"Up to 114,000 individuals could be displaced from Hawiga, according to inter-agency planning estimates. So far, 82,128 people have fled since August 2016.",9
10050,Q: Is the Hadalat camp [a similar border camp roughly 70km southwest] suffering to the same extent as Rukban?      The situation in Rukban is far worse because the water lines that came from the Jordanian side of the border are still broken due to technical failure. People are now paying a lot of money to obtain drinking water and now they depend mainly on water tanks.,11
2074,"FAO: Shortage of funds, clashes that started in Tripoli in March and lasted for 3 weeks slowed communication and froze banking services.  WFP: While the lack of direct access continues to constrain the effectiveness of WFP’s operation in Libya, insufficient funding remains the primary hindrance. WFP’s partners are faced with sporadic telecommunication and electricity outages as well as fuel shortages, all of which exacerbate existing operational challenges ",3
2936,"In a mid-April rapid food security assessment to some districts that were affected by erratic and below-average rainfall in Cabo Delgado Province, FEWS NET observed a significant improvement in cropping conditions, following regular rainfall since January and average to above average cumulative amounts from February onwards. In these areas and surrounding parts of Cabo Delgado and coastal areas of Nampula Province, the 2016/17 season had a delayed start with deficits of more than 50 percent of normal from November to December 2016. As a result, the first and second plantings by households during that period were lost, and the majority needed to plant for a third time in January/early February. More regular and well-distributed rainfall has allowed for good crop development in these areas. The majority of crops range from reproductive to maturation stages. FEWS NET did not observe any major issues related to pests and/or diseases, except for a few cases, which were easily controlled by local authorities. Poor households are currently consuming green foods, and the harvest is expected to start in late May. According to provincial agricultural authorities, Cabo Delgado Province is expected to meet the planned production volumes. FEWS NET projects the areas will remain in Minimal (IPC Phase 1) through the 2017/18 consumption season.",3
5680,"However, Abdul-Ghany said the government has continued its “systematic policy in arresting civilians and looting their properties under the pretext of dealing with armed opposition factions,” while noting the “extraordinary challenges and difficulties” in collecting information on government abuses.",9
11902,"As in Kachin, 2017 saw a further deterioration in access for humanitarian organizations in Shan State, leaving some locations which were previously accessible off-limits. Access difficulties have resulted in a reduction in the quantity and quality of humanitarian support to displaced people and other vulnerable communities.",1
9791,"Five houses burned to ashes in Kuacjok town At least five houses were burned to ashes in Kuacjok town in South Sudan’s Gogrial State on Sunday evening, several eyewitnesses said. Speaking to Radio Tamazuj on Sunday, the eyewitnesses said the fire that destroyed five houses in area broke out at one of the thatched huts. No casualties reported after the incident.",10
1224,"An estimated 2.5 million Nigerian children under the age of five suffer from Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM) every year – an extremely dangerous condition that makes children nine times more likely to die from common childhood illnesses such as such as diarrhoea, pneumonia and malaria. Every year, nearly 420,000 children under five die as a result of this deadly combination in Nigeria.",4
11587,"With continued intensive military operations and artillery shelling and airstrikes on Arbin, Ein Tarma, Zamalka, Douma and Harasta, among other areas, civilians continue to be sheltered in underground shelters, most of which are overcrowded and with unsanitary conditions.",11
7918,"In April, Turkey continued to host the largest refugee population in the world. Almost 4 million refugees and asylum-seekers were registered in Turkey, more than 1.7 million of whom were children.   Nearly 3.6 million Syrians – including over 1.6 million children – were under temporary protection in Turkey, in addition to over 364,000 refugees mainly from Afghanistan, Iraq and Iran, of whom some 116,000 were children.1 ",9
2616,"People are having to sleep alongside their few possessions in the open. In the absence of cooking fuel many are burning plastic. Sanitation is a major worry too as what is available cannot serve the number of people in the site. There is little separation between areas for washing clothes and ablutions. With little or no drainage system at water collection points, and the incoming rainy season, the risk of waterborne disease is great.   ",1
10812,"13-16 October 2016: Continuous heavy rainfall fuelled by a tropical depression and Northeast monsoon causes severe flooding in various provinces of Central Viet Nam, killing 34 people, causing the collapse of 39 houses and displacing thousands.  16-17 October: The Viet Nam Red Cross (VNRC) dispatches relief items and cash worth VND 1.97 billion (85,000 Swiss francs), and deploys assessment teams to Ha Tinh and Quang Binh provinces.  27 October: 67,466 Swiss francs allocated from the IFRC’s Disaster Relief Emergency Fund (DREF) to replenish VNRC stocks.  30 October-5 November: Another tropical storm brings more heavy rains across Central Viet Nam, leaving 15 people dead, 227 houses collapsed, 41,484 houses flooded, thousands of hectares of crop inundated and more than 42,000 livestock killed. 11 November: The IFRC launches Emergency Appeal for 1.4 million Swiss francs to support 30,775 people over 9 months. A topup DREF allocation is made, bringing the total amount advanced from DREF to 144,866 Swiss francs.  31 November-late December: Incessant heavy rains bring severe flooding in the province of Binh Dinh, described by some community members and local authorities as the most severe in the province’s history.  19 January 2017: The Government of New Zealand announces a donation of NZD 250,000 to address the livelihood needs of people affected by the December 2016 flooding in the province of Binh Dinh. The donation is channelled through the Operational Plan 2017 of the IFRC CCST.  19 May 2017: The IFRC issues a revised Emergency Appeal for 336,193 Swiss francs.",7
6764,"According to Chikwawa District Health Office Spokesperson, Settie Piriminta, the outbreak has occurred because people from the villages of Sekeni and Allan in the area of Chief Lundu were drinking water from Nkombezi River which is contaminated.",4
9161,"Farmers who have entered into block farming with the government and the individual farmers are facing the same challenge.The farmers told this paper that they have since waited for the combine-harvesters since November last year to harvest their produce but to no avail. “We have been waiting for the combine harvesters to harvest our produce from the fields but to date they have not come. Our wheat gets wasted and germinate in our fields because no machines to harvest it,” said Ishmael Moabi, one of the concerned farmers.",5
8021,The death toll from the second wave of the outbreak is about to hit 40. ,4
8541,"More than 1.3 million people are estimated to be in Phase 3: “Crisis” and above according to the last “Cadre Harmonisé” analysis. As of end-July, approximately 56 000 Malian refugees are estimated to be living in the country. Almost 121 000 people, mostly in the southeast Diffa Region, have been displaced due to fear of attacks.",3
2172,"Dominant human rights violations recorded during June 2017 revolve around preparations for the presidential youth interface rallies, Heroes Day commemorations, the upcoming Chiwundura by-election, continued barring of students from attending classes, harassment of vendors and discrimination during food aid distribution. Zimbabwe Peace Project notes trends where some violations cut across the entire nation during the course of the year while others are sporadic and isolated.  Midlands recorded the highest number of types of human rights violations during the month under review.",9
1145,"The situation of refugees and migrants in Hungary has further deteriorated in 2017. Since the process of “deep border control” has come into force, border police have been able to physically deport people back to the border (in the practice often straight to Serbia) frequently using physical violence. Increasing numbers of refugees are reporting several types of abuse, including the use of dog attacks, beatings, the use of pepper spray and various other forms of humiliation and assault.[9]  ",9
6217,"As of 10 March 2018, a total of 6 132 diphtheria case-patients were reported in EWARS, including 165 new case-patients in week 10.A total of 38 deaths (case-fatality proportion < 1%) were recorded as of 17 February, with no deaths reported since 2 Feb. No deaths have occurred in the host communityThere was an increase in cases of acute jaundice syndrome (AJS) in week 10, with a total of 131 cases reported compared to 93 in week 9. ? Of the 45 samples of AJS cases 53% were positive for hepatitis A and none were positive for hepatitis E; three were positive for leptospirosis, five cases were hepatitis C positive and two were chronic hepatitis B patients. Sample collection from patients presenting in health facilities is ongoing for another two weeks and more detailed analysis will be provi",4
1404,"FAO is developing a long-term IPM-based strategy for the sustainable management of fall army worm, including forecasting, crop monitoring, use of biological control options, resistant varieties and promotion of good agricultural practices and the use of pesticides as a last resort",0
10933,"An estimated 80,000 people live in the cities of Ana, Ru’ua and Ka’im in western Anbar, with the majority in Ka’im, a town on the Syrian border. Another 50,000 people could flee western Anbar in a worst-case scenario. Once military operations to retake western Anbar from ISIL begin, accessing people who choose to stay in their homes will be difficult, as humanitarian presence is concentrated in the east of Anbar, and there are no partners operating west of Heet. Providing assistance to out-of-camp locations is restricted in these areas, and will largely take place remotely from Baghdad and Ramadi, compromising the speed of the response. Without an increase in resources and forward leaning response capacity, partners and local authorities will struggle to meet the needs of displaced Iraqis when military operations begin.",9
2784,"• UNICEF and sector partners have identified 1,633 schools in need of repairs",2
7906,"Dozens of Palestinian and Jewish citizens of Israel protested in front of the municipality of Beersheba, on Sunday, against the mayor’s decision to close the city’s Bedouin market.Danilovich said, according to Ma’an, that the decision to close the market was made after experts found that the market did not “represent real Bedouin heritage,” and said that the location of the market could be turned into a touristic, educational or entertainment center. However, protesters expressed their anger towards the decision, arguing that the market was an important institution for the merchants working there, as well as for low-income customers who could not afford shopping at other more expensive locations.",5
5222,"Rows of vacant houses sat waiting to be distributed, free of charge, to displaced civilians escaping the devastation of Ghouta, said 29-year-old Hassan. A member of a local group affiliated with the Free Syrian Army (FSA) told him that one of the houses was now his, if he only chose to take it. However, the alleged offer was not an innocent gesture of charity, and these homes were not abandoned voluntarily. They were the spoils of war, the property of Kurds who were displaced from Afrin in recent months by widespread bombing and ground fighting during Turkish-backed Operation Olive Branch.",10
8876,"But she cautioned against ignoring local customs.    'When it comes to land, modern law and customary law in Mali are often at odds with each other,' Gareka said. 'So modern law might say women are allowed to farm land, for example, but in practice it remains the husband's or father's decision.'",0
899,"17 new cholera cases recorded in Kapoeta 17 new cases of cholera were recorded in Kapoeta Civil Hospital in South Sudan’s Kapoeta State since Sunday, a senior health official said. The hospital’s medical director Mustapha Lokuru told Radio Tamazuj on Tuesday that they received 17 new cases of cholera in the area, five of which have already been discharged.",4
6470,"Cyclone Dineo has formed in the Mozambique Channel, the fifth cyclone of the 2016/17 Southern Hemisphere cyclone season.Sea surface temperatures off the west coast of Madagascar are just over 30 degrees Celsius. This is where we have the bulk of the thunderstorms. ",10
2513,"he current food distribution system, they said that it gives them poor quality and quantity of food. On quality, they said that there is zero diversity. They said that it is not humane to expect them to maize and peas all the years they have been in the camp. They also said that the food is mostly rotten. A gentleman within the group indicated that “By providing us rotten food, UNHCR is burying them alive.” Another gentleman in the group said that many people in the camp are developing stomach problems due to the monotony of their diets. He suggested that it is better to give them money to buy the food they want. All the men agreed with this suggestion. ",3
4791,"Summary of needs Affected people across north-east Nigeria remain at significant risk of epidemic-prone diseases like cholera, measles, meningitis, and viral haemorrhagic fevers such as Lassa and yellow fever. Meanwhile, endemic malaria accounts for 50 per cent of the total consultations in the Early Warning and Alert Disease Response and Surveillance (EWARS) system. In addition to malaria, acute respiratory infections and watery diarrhoea are the other two leading causes of illness among IDPs, along with high levels of severe acute malnutrition (SAM). More than 40,000 children are at risk of dying due to the combined threat of SAM and medical complications, within a context of high malaria prevalence and frequent population movements. Out of the total population of 7.9 million people in need, nearly 2 million are women of reproductive age and 1.6 million are sexually active men. There are 240,000 currently pregnant women, and within the next 12 months there will be 320,000 live births with 50,000 women facing pregnancy-related complications and requiring emergency obstetric care services. Additionally, 40,000 people are at risk of sexual violence and will require clinical management of rape services. A recent assessment showed that out of 755 health facilities in Borno State, 292 (39 per cent) are fully damaged, 205 (27 per cent) are partially damaged and 253 (34 per cent) are not damaged. In terms of functionality, 376 (50 per cent) are non-functional. The prevalence of mental illness among Nigerians is estimated to be 12.1 per cent, which means that over 650,000 people in north-east Nigeria will suffer from one form of mental illness in their lifetime. Despite the magnitude of the problem, the region has a comparably weak and poorly funded mental health system, with very few mental health professionals. This is particularly alarming given the high GBV incidence rate. Only 18 per cent of the fully or partially functioning health centres in Borno State can reportedly provide survivors of violence with integrated clinical management services.",4
2519,"During the weekend, military operations led by Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) resumed, opening a new front in the north west of Mosul city. The ISF have continue to advance, attempting to close up their encirclement of the Old City, estimated by the UN to host a minimum 200 000 people. Humanitarian conditions of civilians trapped in the Old City worsen by the day. Those injured do not have access to appropriate emergency medical care. Coordinated efforts to protect and assist this civilian population, most at risk, are to be urgently prioritised.  The Government of Iraq records a total of 584 000 people displaced, as result of the Mosul military operation since October 2016. This represents an increase of over 192 000 people in one month. Still, approximately 50% of the population from newly retaken districts in West Mosul remain in their homes. ",9
5783,"The provision of water has reduced from 90 to 53 litres per capita per day, with most families receiving piped water only once every four days. The discharge of over 108 million litres of almost totally untreated sewage into the Mediterranean Sea every day – equivalent to more than 40 Olympic-sized swimming pools – has increased bacterial contamination in the Mediterranean Sea, according to testing done on Gaza’s beach water in May 2017. The continuing electricity shortage has raised irrigation costs to a point where agricultural livelihoods have become unsustainable for the most vulnerable farmers.",5
4601,"The Kenya Meteorological Department reports that rainfall was generally depressed in March and April, as forecast. The start of the 2017 March-April-May (MAM) rainfall season was delayed in several parts of the country, with prolonged dry spells and poor distribution. This resulted in poor crop performance, reduced pasture and browse, as well as increased water scarcity. This exacerbated food insecurity and malnutrition in the arid and semi-arid lands and contributed to resource-based conflict, particularly in Baringo and Laikipia counties. However, during the first week of May, rainfall was heavy, causing localized flooding and livestock sickness. The increased rain is likely to improve pasture and water availability in arid and semi-arid areas in the coming weeks. ",5
8701,"Overall, DFSNs anticipate that the food security situation will deteriorate during the period of mid-November 2016 to mid-March 2017. Because winter crops (wheat and barley) will only be harvested in April-May households may experience a transitory food gap during the months of February to April as household stocks of paddy will have been depleted by then. DFSNs forecasted that during mid-November 2016 to mid-March 2017 no VDCs are likely to be classified as severely food insecure (Phase 4); the number of VDCs likely to be classified as highly food insecure (Phase 3) will increase to 46 (from 31 currently); and the number of VDCs likely to be classified as moderately food insecure (Phase 2) will also increase to 179 (from 175 currently). ",5
7472," In most camps, displaced people continue to live in over-crowded conditions in shelters that were meant to be temporary. Currently people in camps are living in undignified, overcrowded and unsafe conditions with no option to return to their places of origin or relocate elsewhere. Protracted displacement can have a negative impact on the individual and collective potential of young people. The search for sustainable, durable solutions and early recovery therefore remain key priorities.",1
8863,"Between late August and early September, a significant group of non-Iraqi nationals (approximately 1,500 foreign women and children) fled from Telafar, along with a group of Iraqi IDPs. After having undergone security screening in various locations by different security actors, they were initially transported to Hamman Al-Alil (HAA) transit site in southern Ninewa. On 17 September, they were relocated en-masse and without notice by Iraqi authorities from HAA transit site, to a detention facility in Telkaif, 12 km north east of Mosul city, thus denying them access to humanitarian actors. Since then, the foreign women and children remain in detention in Telafar and are held in dire conditions with no immediate resolution in sight. They also lack adequate shelter, which is of particular concern with the onset of the winter. The Iraq authorities have stated they are planning to move the group to a detention facility in Baghdad, but no date for this transfer has been provided to UNHCR or other humanitarian actors",9
1628,"Teachers have little experience in how to handle traumatised children, and may be themselves traumatised. Syrian refugees who are teachers may not be permitted to work in host countries.",2
4599,"The needs of households not connected to public piped network are met by an unregulated private sector, through tanker-trucks, carts with tank and bottled water. The 2016 surveys report that in six governorates, 30% of the population have to pay to access water from improved sources, with this proportion as high as 81% in the capital city of Sana’a. Furthermore, in 7 out of the 20 assessed governorates, more people rely on water trucking than on connection to piped network.",11
1032,"Biu LGA: 44,309 IDPs (Food, shelter and NFI urgent needs)",7
8300,The  UN and INGOs have been granted access to east Aleppo city and needs assessments are being carried  out. Preliminary findings indicate that shelter solutions and the provision of winter relief assistance are  overarching priorities.,9
3777,"Aid workers and local councils within Eastern Ghouta are ill equipped to serve an influx of internally displaced families, Abu Ahmad Zain, head of Harasta’s pro-opposition media office, told Syria Direct. Main roads are targets for bombing attacks, he said. 'Even if they do make it, there is no shelter,' Zain said. 'And when there is shelter, it's too expensive.'",10
3416,"Flooding from the overflow of La Paila river in Corinto (Cauca department) triggered a mudslide that killed six people, injured 60 and destroyed 139 homes, per the Government. The flooding also affected road networks, two health centres and two schools. Authorities have responded with clearing debris and distributing clean water. 5,361 people affected",10
10865," A to tal o f 235 inc iden ts o f a ttacks on schoo ls and ho sp itals we re ver i fied . Lack  o f access to conflic t -affected reg ions hampe red the ve ri fica t ion o f rep o rted  inciden ts. T hir ty - three per cen t o f a to ta l o f 195 inc iden ts o f a t tacks on schoo ls we re  ve ri fied in 2012 (66) , wi th a downwa rd trend in 2013 (54) and 2014 (18 ) . T he  numbe r s increased aga in in 2015 (24) and 2016 (33). ma l i Na tiona l Army (60 ) , unknown a rmed elemen ts (15 ) ,  AM ISOM (4) , Ah l a l -Sunna wa l -Jama ‘a (2) , Ga lmudug In te rim Admin is trat ion  forces (1) and the Kenyan De fence For ces (1). Between 2012 and 2016 , 40 inciden ts o f a t tacks on ho sp itals we re ver i fied .  T hey comp r ised cases o f damage to c lin ics and heal th -care cen tres dur ing figh t ing ,  loo t ing o f med ical supp l ies and equ ipmen t and mi l i tar y use o f ho sp i tals",4
506,"Only one hospital in the city of Derna, Al-Wahda in Bab Tubraq, continued to function. Since 20 May, however, the hospital has been admitting only urgent cases due to severe shortages of generator fuel and medical supplies, particularly oxygen tanks.6 Starting on 29 May, Al-Wahda began to receive its first shipment of medical supplies since March, though it has not yet received enough aid to be able to take on new patients.7 • Medical professionals report continuing shortages of dialysis medication, syringes, oxygen tanks, antibiotics, insulin and generator fuel.",4
11496,"During the holy month of Ramadan, the prices of essential items including— rice, chickpea (Sona), beef, onion, sugar, edible oil and fish have been increasing in kitchen markets in Maungdaw Townships. Suddenly, the prices of essential commodities have been skyrocketing in Maungdaw at the beginning of the holy month of Ramadan, Nir Ahmed added. ",3
10499,"Lack of support services for older people means they spend a large part of the day alone. They face challenges in accessing food and other assistance. Similarly, persons with disabilities face challenges and because of limited mobility are unable to reach services and distribution points.",3
7577,"Major challenges, gaps and needs: ? Provision of life-saving drugs, consumables, medical equipment and generators for health facilities. ? Equip hospitals and health facilities with fuel or solar energy system units in order to meet the basic energy requirements. ? Build local capacity within Gaza to conduct lifesaving surgeries and treatment, in order to reduce the need for referrals outside. ? Preposition drugs, disposables and medical equipment in order to strengthen emergency preparedness. ? Ensure access for patients to their referral destination and advocate for the right to health.",7
9619,"About their life in the tent, Anwar said their children were sick due to cold weather and if not cured, they would die.",4
239,"? Concern remains on the nutritional impact in districts receiving cash-based assistance instead of inkind/relief food handout, and availability of food commodities to provide a sufficiently diverse diet for drought-affected communities. ? Multiple layers of coordination and monitoring- will not substitute treatment- if staff shortfalls remain acute. Need to strategize for bolstered RHB staff for the year ahead",8
1606," The Government of Jordan announced the commencement of a rectification of status campaign to regularize the legal status of certain Syrian refugees in Jordan. Two categories of Syrian refugees may benefit: those who left refugee camps before 1 July 2017 without a bail out or leave permit and did not return on time, and those who arrived to Jordan through the informal border crossings and had not registered with UNHCR. Within three weeks of commencing the campaign, nearly 30,000 Syrian refugees approached UNHCR to regularize their status, including thousands referred directly by legal services and documentation Protection partners.",9
9399,"Among the 28,223 children who arrived to Italy, 92% (25,846) were unaccompanied or separated. This is double compared to the number of UASC, who arrived in 2015 (12,360). Most of them originated from North, East and West Africa",1
5334,"Education: UNICEF and Save the Children distributed a variety of learning materials which includes 34 school tents, students learning materials for over 38,000 students, 89 School-in-a-Box kits that each contains supplies for a teacher and up to 40 students, 43 blackboards, 999 for teachers for teaching children with special needs and 930 teaching methodologies manuals. An additional 14,000 learners' kits and 50 school tents were distributed after the emergency.",2
8882,"An ambulance and evacuation medical point in Maar Zeta, Idlib was attacked at 9 a.m. Damascus time on April 27, destroying the facility. Two paramedics were killed. In response to the attack, another ambulance system was assisting in the evacuation and the point was attacked again killing two more paramedics. Eight ambulances were destroyed. A total of 14 people were killed today throughout Idlib. All of which were children and medical staff. ",4
6645,"Economic vulnerability is the main driver of food insecurity, especially among the new and older registered refugees. About 16 percent of the new arrivals are currently using their savings which were mostly generated from sales of assets prior to or during the displacement. Once these savings have been depleted and no alternative income sources are found, their situation could further deteriorate.",5
7118,"The security situation in the Far North region remained volatile in February; with all three departments: Mayo Sava, Mayo Tsanaga and Logone et Chari concerned. Elements of Boko Haram continued to carry out kidnappings of children, stealing private property (i.e. cattle), pillaging of homes and setting fire to properties. As reported last month, the attacks persist despite an increased presence of the Cameroonian army and the Multinational Joint Task Force (MNJTF). All of this continues to affect our protection and assistance responses as staff movement has been restricted in certain areas.",9
1337,"“I wrote all the agriculture development divisions, asking them to start applying pesticides in the affected fields.",0
8891,"Beyond their immediate needs when they arrive at the border, many undocumented Afghans have lived outside Afghanistan for decades and will need help reintegrating in a country already challenged by widespread conflict and displacement.  ",10
2558,"“There are cases of malaria, which is alarming, but doesn’t reach the level of outbreak,” Giel Yoach Thidor told Sudan Tribune on Wednesday.",4
10840,"Continued influx of displaced population has increased the number of IDPs seeking shelters, overwhelming the capacity of authorities and host communities to provide adequate shelter solutions",10
622,"In 2016, around 11,000 Nigerian women arrived in Italy by sea according to the International Organization for Migration. Most are at risk of becoming victims of prostitution, the IOM says, a gruesome end to a journey during which many endured rapes, abuse, and a dangerous Mediterranean crossing in flimsy rubber boats.",9
4989,"Lunar New Year celebrations have been disrupted across Peninsular Malaysia as several waves of flooding triggered by seasonal heavy rains have affected have affected nearly 15,000 people across 6 states.As of today, nearly 7,800 people remain in evacuation centres. Johor and Pahang States have been particularly hard hit",7
1877,"In Aleppo, an estimated 1.8 million people continued to be affected in February by the El Khafsa water supply cuts since 14 January 2017. The population resorted to unsafe or contaminated water and therefore increasing the risk of exposure to water borne diseases, with a particular concern for children.",11
5078,"In the Nuba Mountains, the cholera medical isolation centre in the El Wakra area in El Tadamon locality in South Kordofan recorded 11 new cases of cholera this week. A medical source told Radio Dabanga yesterday that the medical isolation centre in the area received seven cases of cholera on Saturday and four more cases on Monday and Tuesday. He said that the isolation centre does not have enough intravenous solutions, which drives the families of patients to search for medicines at their own expenses from pharmacies in the area.",4
1011,"'We have closed three schools which have been surrounded by rainwater. They are not safe for pupils. The schools are Olborot and Kaloleni primary schools and Mrijo Secondary School,' he said.",2
9935,"In the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, chronic food insecurity and limited access to quality health and water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) services are giving rise to undernutrition and impacting children's health and well-being. An estimated 18 million people are food insecure and 200,000 children are acutely malnourished.",4
2985,"Situation in July 2017 predicted to be better than July 2016. Lean phase from February to August. Areas of the Dry Corridor, in both the west and the east, experienced below-average harvests for a fourth consecutive year in 2016. Affected areas will remain in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) prior to 2017 staple harvests beginning in August",3
3046,"The rains have overwhelmed the drainage system in the cities along Peru’s Pacific coast, and the health ministry has started fumigating around the pools of water that have formed in the streets to kill mosquitoes that carry diseases like dengue.",4
6683,"In the last two weeks of March, new cholera cases have only been reported from Mingkaman, Awerial County (31 cases) and Yirol East County (41 cases), both in Lakes state. No new cases have been reported from Malakal, where cholera transmission was confirmed earlier in March. Suspected cases have also been reported from Gorwai and Ayod in Jonglei but are yet to be confirmed. ",11
9972,"The resettlement of Barbuda residents has not gone according to plan with only 34 per cent of the population signaling an intent to return from Antigua in the short-term; the main ferry service being out of operation and a decision that the previously state-funded passage (US$ 72 round trip) will now be borne directly by passengers.  In Dominica, only eight per cent of people, mainly those living in the cities of Roseau and Portsmouth, have access to electricity. In the British Virgin Islands (BVI) only one-fifth of the population has restored po",7
10775,"Acute malnutrition remains a major public health emergency in several parts of South Sudan. A total of 12 SMART surveys were conducted between March-May 2017, and 10 showed Global Acute Malnutrition Weightfor-Height (GAM (WHZ)) prevalence above the WHO emergency threshold of 15%, with a peak of 26.1% in Duk, bordering Extremely Critical classification. Alarming proxy GAM (MUAC) prevalence above 20% was observed in Ayod, (Karmoun, Normanyang, and Kandak payams) between January-April 2017. Widespread fighting, displacement and poor access to services, disease outbreaks, extremely poor diet (in terms of both quality and quantity), low coverage of sanitation facilities and poor hygiene practices are the key drivers of the high levels of acute malnutrition across South Sudan. Levels of acute malnutrition are expected to deteriorate even further as the peak lean season approaches in July 2017, with Mayendit, Aweil North, and Ayod projected to be at Extreme Critical nutrition levels.",8
1514,"At present, 2,918 houses were totally damaged and 9,123 were partially damaged by the onslaught of TS Urduja in Regions V, VIII and CARAGA (See Table 5).",10
3457,"A draft Community Management of Acute Malnutrition (CMAM) monthly reporting tool has been developed by the sector and partners which will assist in reporting December 2017 Performance Indicators. UNICEF partner CARE Bangladesh is piloting the monitoring checklist at UNICEF-supported nutrition centres. Afterwards, the usage of the tool will be expanded to all sector partners. CARE is also continuing to conduct on-the-job training and supportive supervision to partners, based on the gaps identified in the monitoring checklist. CARE has included additional international CMAM experts to further improve the quality of nutrition service delivery",8
4832,"This time, a 4.7 magnitude quake struck Wednesday night in the remote reaches of Niger, about 230 kilometers from the ancient city of Djado. There were no reports of immediate damage, and there are few inhabitants in this Ténéré region of the Sahara, east of the uranium mining center of Arlit and the Aïr Mountains. ",10
10352,"Due to increasing population density, movements, displacement, crowded and poor living conditions in urban areas, more people are at risk of contracting leishmaniasis. Over 600 000 Afghans returned from Pakistan and Iran in 2016 and more than 623 000 Afghans fled their homes due to conflict, creating more overcrowding in urban areas and pressure on overstretched health services. ",9
3190,"Negotiations with parties to the conflict continued for 3 months, with many setbacks due to lack of security guarantees or lack of access grants. Finally, on 13 December, the plan to evacuate civilians from east Aleppo was announced. The first evacuations of civilians from besieged neighbourhoods in eastern Aleppo took place 15 December. ",6
7772,"Due to unrelenting drought conditions in northern and central regions, surface water sources have completely dried up while borehole yields have drastically declined due to overuse",11
7304,"Lingering tensions continue to force families to flee. Between June and August, 6,800 people fled into Kasai Central Province from Kasai Province, according to Cooperative Réveil, a Congolese NGO based in Kananga, the capital of Kasai Central. Some of the displaced people say they are fleeing ethnically motivated tensions and attacks in Kasai Province. Since the conflict broke out, more than 630,000 people have been displaced in Kasai Central alone.Many of those who have arrived in Kananga have settled with relatives and friends or returned to their family homes, which they left several years ago in search of opportunities in Kasai. There are no formal camps or sites hosting the displaced people around Kananga, thus host families are overstretched.Modeste Bukasa, the Coordinator of Cooperative Réveil, explained that there are inadequate levels of food, medical and psychosocial assistance for the displaced, suggesting that sites need to be established in urban centres along the main roads to assist people fleeing violence.",4
372,"Two weeks ago, three children died in Souni in East Jebel Marra. They were suffering from malnutrition and their health was worsened by the severe cold, a family member said.",3
378,"“Since I began following prisoners’ rights, I’ve never seen more than 11,800 prisoners in Burundian prisons. It’s really sad and shameful. The prison can host only 4,050 individuals. They live in squalid conditions. Many of them are political prisoners. For us, we say that human rights violation now is on a very high level in Burundi,” he said.",9
6735,Another local official Muhammad Ilyas told AFP people in the worst-hit area were facing medicine and food shortages because of road closures and flight cancellations. The regions electricity supply was also disrupted after the main transmission line was damaged. ,3
1038,"More than 1 million people have been uprooted from their homes since a violent anti-Government revolt erupted last year in Kasai. The displacement, destruction and looting of homes, health centres and schools have worsened adversity in one of the country’s poorest regions: some 1 million people are now severely food insecure and about 400,000 children are at risk of malnutrition.",10
7840,"In Gabagoura, a village to the west of Niamey, more than 300 homes have been destroyed and several people wounded, said village chief Amadou Souley.",10
10530,"According to DTEK electricity supply company, the high-voltage Power Line (PL), which supplies electricity from Makiivka to Donetska Filter Station (DFS) was damaged yesterday evening (2nd of June) due to shelling, and as a result, DFS was de-energized.DFS was already stopped at the as work crews are repairing a damaged clean water pipeline, reported damaged in Incident Report ? 64, 1ST of June, and personnel from DFS have not been present at DFS since that time. ",7
7862,"In separate incidents on Thursday, a boy was shot and succumbed to his wounds in the hospital of Kutum and a paramilitary was killed. In Nyala locality, a man was shot dead.",9
5983,"For the majority of poor households across Burundi, as typical, the lean season (September to early December) is expected to accentuate food insecurity as household stocks decline and staple food prices rise ahead of the Season A harvest. Some poor households previously facing Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes who are selling a portion of their fresh bean harvest in June at low prices in order to pay off their debts are likely to buy food at higher prices to cover their minimum basic food needs, beginning in September. As a result, it is possible that some poor households are likely to fall again into Crisis (IPC Phase 3), though for most, Stressed (IPC Phase 2) outcomes are more likely to persist through at least December 2017.",3
5216,"Security and Nutrition (SETSAN), released in September 2016, estimates that 1.5 million people are food insecure in seven provinces: Maputo, Gaza, Inhambane, Tete, Manica, Sofala and Zambézia. FEWS NET (2016) estimates that between October and December 2016, nearly 1.8 million people will likely face Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes, requiring urgent humanitarian assistance. In addition, an estimated 243,000 acutely malnourished children and 113,000 pregnant and lactating women will be in need of food assistance between October 2016 and March 2017 in all affected provinces, including the northern provinces where chronic malnutrition and stunting levels a re the highest in the country ( Regional Inter-agency Standing Committee - RIASCO, 2016). A smaller number of worst-affected households, especially in the conflict areas, are likely in Emergency (IPC Phase 4). The Mozambique Vulnerability Assessment Committee, SETSAN/GAV, is conducting a national food security assessment, along with FEWS NET and other partners, and the results, available in mid-December, will update needs estimates through the next harvest in March 2017 (FEWSNET, 2016).   Food access continues to be constrained due to the extremely high staple food prices, and this is projected to continue until the harvest in March 2017. Maize grain prices in August/September were significantly higher in almost every monitored market, approximately 182 percent above the five-year average (RIASCO, 2016). Prices of substitutes, maize meal and rice, were not as high as maize, but they remained significantly above both the five -year average and last year’s prices (FEWSNET, 2016). ",3
1619,"762,000 IDP’s in the Great Kasai are in immediate need of lifesaving WASH interventions. Only 26,000 have been reached with WASH assistance and there is an urgent need to strengthen the supply chain to distribute essential WASH items in parallel with the implementation of hygiene promotion campaign, and continue basic WASH services in IDP’s settlements.",11
10603,"Ituri provincial authorities on 18 May announced on that Joo, Kafe and Tchomia (near the Lac Albert), in the northeastern province of Ituri are affected by the avian flu. Preventive measures taken by the authorities in these areas include banning the transportation of poultry from affected areas and culling all animals who are affected or suspected of having contracted the disease. As of 18 May, the avian flu has already caused the death of 4,800 ducks and 420 hens in these localities.",5
3272,"South Sudanese soldiers and allied groups gang-raped pregnant women and children as young as four in recent violence in the country’s north, a United Nations human-rights official said. There were signs of “extensive use of sexual violence” in the “indiscriminate attacks” against villages in Leer and Mayendit counties that began around April, Eugene Nindorera, a representative of the UN high commissioner for human rights, said Friday in the capital, Juba. He cited an investigation by the UN mission in South Sudan. South Sudanese army spokesman Lul Ruai Koang described the accusations as “normal allegations” leveled against the army without “substantiating them with evidence that can help us prosecute.”",9
11251,"For the past three months, there is also no education for children who make up more than 50 percent of the population because there are no teachers.",2
6221,"The main swamps which people used to fetch water and also which provided water for animals have since gone dry, essentially the community is now using water strictly from boreholes. 2. There is one borehole which has been decommissioned because it is highly contaminated with liquid waste. The borehole has smelly water and has sour taste, the community requested it be dismantled. 3. There is a water system near the clinic which needs rehabilitation. Currently there is an elevated stand which could hoist an elevated tank. The borehole seems intact and would need solar panel installation as well as borehole flashing as well as refurbishment of the system. 4. There are 4 broken boreholes in the vicinity of Nhialdiu. However there is another 3 boreholes broken in the far villages 4-6 hours walking on foot where the community has now resorted to walk long distances to access water. 5. The households were observed to lack water carriers. In one instance a family of 15 members was having only one jerry can which means that the woman had to fetch water close to 10 times a day with a walking distance of almost 1 hour to fetch water. Households requested buckets and jerry cans to facilitate water collection and storage. 6. No bathing shelters were observed in all the assessment areas. Households mentioned showering in the open while the children were observed to have dirty faces, dirty clothes and some with skin infections. It was evident that there is need for personal hygiene awareness. 7. The mothers complained of frequent diarrhea amongst the children and the community with further complications such as lack of hospital/PHCU in the vicinity. 8. Amongst the children skin disease and respiratory infections as well as AWD cases were rampant with no cure or awareness of how to prevent the diseases, especially since there were no outreach medical services. 9. Lack of soap was attributed to the poor hygiene practices. Beneficiaries mentioned that they have not received soap as well it is not available in the market. 10. The community mentioned lack of water was a big challenge since the farthest village was at least 4 hours walk while there was in adequate water storage and transport facilities. 11. There was wide spread open defecation since there is a lot of bushy areas. There was no single household which had latrines. In the school which was visited during the assessment, some of theclassrooms have been turned into OD locations with people defecating on the concrete floor. Diarrhea feces were also observed in the classrooms with high cases of flies which is a high risk for the community. 12. There is a group of pump mechanics in Nhialdiu, but only one is remaining. There is need to train more pump mechanics as well as provision of borehole repair materials and tools. 13. The women mentioned they have no MHM kits and use old clothes during the menstrual cycle.",11
10561,"New satellite imagery analysis by Amnesty International gives the first comprehensive view of how thousands of structures, including several schools, were demolished in sudden forced evictions that left more than 4,000 families homeless on the outskirts of Somalia’s capital Mogadishu in late December. No warning was given before armed men accompanied bulldozers to raze the sites on 29 and 30 December 2017, according to UNICEF and Save the Children. UN agencies have said the forced evictions left more than 24,000 internally displaced persons (IDPs) homeless, including 3,000 children. Amnesty International’s analysis of satellite images from before, during and after the demolitions clearly shows that thousands of structures were turned to rubble over the course of the two-day operation. A UN humanitarian official said that basic infrastructure including latrines, schools and community centres were destroyed. “These satellite images give a bird’s-eye view of the shocking scale of these forced evictions that destroyed the possessions, dwellings and livelihoods of thousands of vulnerable families,” said Sarah Jackson, Amnesty International’s Deputy Regional Director for East Africa, the Horn and the Great Lakes.",7
8813,"Health and nutrition The bulletins monitor the proportion of children under-five at risk of malnutrition, determined by a mid- upper arm circumference (MUAC) measurement.Overall, the trend in most ASAL counties is improving or stable. Eight counties have MUAC rates above the 15 percent threshold. These counties include: Garissa, Isiolo, Kajiado, Mandera, Marsabit, Meru (Meru North), Samburu and Wajir. The highest MUAC rate in November was in Isiolo, at 30.8 percent, while other counties with rates above 20 percent were: Mandera - 29.5 percent, Meru North - 24.3 percent and Samburu at 20.2 percent. The largest decrease in MUAC rate in November compared with October was in Tana River by 39 percent and in Samburu by 17 percent while in Wajir the rates fell by 14 percent.In Kwale, the proportion of children at risk of malnutrition increased slightly by 11.8 percent from 6.8 percent in October to 7.6 percent in November. The current rate was also the highest recorded this year which was largely attributed to the interruption of health services during the just concluded nurses’ strike. In Kajiado the average MUAC rate rose further to 18 percent from 17.6 percent recorded in October but the situation appears worse in Kajiado West and South where reports from ongoing nutrition outreach programmes show severely malnutrition rates at 7 percent, moderate malnutrition is at 31 percent while 53 percent of the pregnant and lactating mothers are malnourished. Table 2 summarizes the trend in MUAC rates across the ASAL counties.",8
3143,"A herder is dead and another lost both his legs when an item of unexploded ordnance (UXO) detonated near to the Abuzaid agricultural project in eastern Jebel Marra. Years of conflict have left Jebel Marra, other parts of Darfur and other conflict areas of Sudan littered with unexploded ordnance (UXO).",6
1270,"Generally, 53% of the service providers are based in the HF, while 47% are community based. As for distribution of health workforce, SD is having the highest number (3,635) followed by WD (2,482) then ND (2,162).   At HFs, Nurses and CHW constitute the majority of the health workforce, which is followed by the MWs then MAs, while the Village Volunteers represent the highest workforce at community level.   74% of the Public Health Officers are working in SD, while WD is having the least number of PHOs (10%), followed by ND (16%). WD is having the least number of MWs (13%), followed by SD (42%) and ND (43%).   At community level, 73% of the total CHPs and 44% of VTMWs are working in WD, followed by 28% CHPs and 42% VTMWs working in SD.",4
6249,The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) has suspended operations in Afghanistan after the killing of six employees by militants in northern Afghanistan.,9
7767,"Extreme food insecurity persists across the country, and Crisis (IPC Phase 3) and Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes exist in most areas despite the ongoing harvest. Catastrophe (IPC Phase 5) outcomes are still likely in counties of greatest concern, including Leer, Ayod, Nyirol, and Wau, where some households do not have access to harvests or assistance and are unable to  migrate in search of alternative food sources. There is a continued risk of Famine (IPC Phase 5) and large-scale assistance and action to end the conflict are needed urgently to save lives.  ",3
1364,"1. Marka district Displacements due to conflict   PRMN partners also monitored more than 3,000 households (approximately 15,160 individuals) displaced from Golweyn village in Marka District due to fighting between AS and AMISOM in the period 30-31 July. Those fleeing the conflict arrived in Bulo-mareer, Daydoog, Dudumo, Maduulow, and Lexmoro villages. The Lower Shabelle displacement situation is complex with recurrent clan clashes and numerous m ilitary operations linked to state and non-state actors affecting large numbers of civilians. The Protection and Return Monitoring Network (PRMN) has recorded more than 237,000 displaced individuals from Lower Shabelle in the period January to July 2017 of which more than 87,000 displaced due to conflict and insecurity. ",9
4005,"According to satellite-based information, vegetation conditions during the cropping season were generally favourable. Average to below-average rainfall prevailed from March until the first dekad of June 2017 in both the southern maize-producing areas and in northern millet/sorghum-growing areas. However, persisting civil insecurity continued to disrupt agricultural activities and limited the available crop-growing areas thus having a negative impact on the final outcome of the cropping season.",3
3444,"Food shortages are reportedly causing malnutrition among those remaining in westMosul. According to media reports, among the new arrivals coming from Mosul, a growingnumber of children are showing signs of malnutrition – most of them less than six-monthsold.Families who have managed to flee the city continue to report that food in west Mosul isin extremely short supply. Lack of potable water, electricity, and fuel are also frequentlymentioned by newly displaced families who recently arrived in camps east of Mosul.",5
120,"As for the implications of the boycott decision on the Qatari projects and the economic and social conditions in Gaza, Tabbaa said, “I expect a major delay and disruption in the completion of the unfinished development projects in Gaza as well as a halt to relief projects in the coming stage, which will worsen the situation in Gaza, but the [projects] will return because Israel won’t allow the situation to explode.”",10
5594,Currently the Td vaccination campaign has been expanded to school-age children in the host community of Teknaf and Ukhiya areas. Communications materials and resources have been developed to draw attention to the 2nd round for the children aged between 6 weeks and 6 years and Diphtheria vaccination campaign for children aged 7-15 years. They will be pre-tested in the coming week to ensure that rumours are addressed adequately. UNICEF is also supporting microplanning for the second round scheduled from 25 January 2018.,4
2137,"SITUATION OVERVIEW: Since mid-July 2016, torrential rains have caused flooding and landslides impacting 18 of Bhutan’s 20 districts, with Sarpang, Chhukha and Samtse hit the worst. Critical infrastructure including roads and bridges and agricultural land have been significantly damaged. ",6
5053,"The impact of climate change in the Great Lakes region is inextricably tied to population pressure, with climate change and climatic shocks expected to cause reduced agricultural yields, reduced fish stocks in fresh water bodies, and risk of flash floods and mud slides. Large parts of the population across the region are engaged in small-holder agriculture which, combined with population growth, leaves people particularly vulnerable to the impacts of climate change. The Central African Republic ranks at the bottom of the University of Notre Dame Global Adaptation Initiative (ND-GAIN)",5
4192,"At least one building in Jacó had been evacuated due to apparent damage and there were reports of walls collapsing and objects falling in other parts of the country, but there were no reports of any further injuries, the statement said. Costa Rica's hospitals were functioning normally and minor power outages had been quickly resolved, it said, with the quake felt most severely in the provincial districts of Quepos, Parrita and Garabito -- of which Jacó is capital.",4
9039,"Access to clean and safe water is one of the urgent needs identified. The OPM has requested support form partners to increase provision of clean and safe water to the new arrivals. Feedback being received from the refugees is that water is not enough and accessing it remains a challenge. According to the women during the focus group discussions, considerable time is spent at the water points waiting for water. On a number of occasions small exchanges do arise over the progression of the queue leading to quarrels which is itself a fertile ground for eruption of fights and clashes.",11
8512,"Hundreds of tourists have been stranded due to flooding in Chitral while the locals have launched rescue activities by themselves.  According to details, the recent spell of heavy rainfall has caused flooding in streams and blockage of roads from Lowari Top to adjoining areas due to which several cars carrying tourists have been trapped.  The stuck up tourists and local people said that no government official has arrived at the scene to direct cleaning process however, the natives have started operation by themselves but due to lack of heavy machinery, they are facing difficulties in the relief work.  Floods in Chitral last year caused many deaths and led to vast devastations. The people said that the administration has not learnt any lesson from last year and did not make preparations for relief of the people ahead of monsoon rains.",6
5776,"An unknown number of Congolese refugees in Kiziba Refugee Camp in western Rwanda have been killed, wounded, detained or are missing in fresh attacks by Rwandan military and police.  In late April, the Rwandan government increased its military and police presence around the camp in response to protests by refugees about deteriorating conditions in the camp, which in February turned violent.  On 1st and 2nd May, military and police personnel entered the camp, reportedly to arrest the eight members of the camp’s executive committee. Tear gas and live ammunition was used against unarmed residents, with reports that young men and women in particular were targeted.  It is unclear where the committee members now are, as communication with refugees at Kiziba has been limited since power was cut to the camp. Congolese community members in Australia and around the world have again been deeply impacted by this ongoing violence, with many holding grave fears about the safety and future of those in the camp where they once lived.",9
4756,Consumers cannot access cash at the required amounts and therefore struggle to purchase key household goods.,5
4765,"A canal from the Euphrates River flows south of the camp, but because the area is mined, people are unable to access the stream. Local Kurdish officials are conducting water trucking activities with two tanks on a daily basis, but although the water is distributed for free, it is considered unsafe, as water brought from the canal had originally been designated for irrigation. There are no latrines or bathing facilities available in the camp, which could lead to a deterioration of the health and hygiene situation in the make- shift camp and make women vulnerable to assault.  ",6
1037,"Cumulative figures -The cumulative total from 27 April 2017 to 11 Feb 2018 is 1,059,970 suspected cholera cases and 2,258 associated deaths, (CFR 0.21%), 1104 have been confirmed by culture. - 59.3 % of death were severe cases at admission - The total proportion of severe cases among the suspected cases is 16% - The national attack rate is 382.7 per 10,000. The five governorates with the highest cumulative attack rates per 10,000 remain Amran (894), Al Mahwit (857), Al Dhale’e (644), Hajjah (520) and Sana’a (515).",4
6081,"Movements of people continue to be complex and diverse across Iraq. Military operations in Mosul are displacing increasingly large numbers of people, especially since hostilities began in the west of the city in mid-February. The majority is sheltering in camps and emergency sites where humanitarian assistance is being provided. In other parts of the country displacement has slowed: for example, the number of people leaving Hawiga has been declining since the start of the year and has shifted in recent weeks, with more people now heading to Salah al-Din than to Kirkuk. In Anbar, returnees now outnumber the number of IDPs two to one. Many people returning to their homes continue to need humanitarian assistance, especially in areas where there is a high level of contamination by explosive hazards and a lack of basic services.",10
2801,"Challenges In spite of the efforts to address the nutritional needs of new arrivals, malnutrition continues to pose a challenge, especially considering the already high rates within the receiving refugee camps. Reports of suspected cases of AWD in the host community and in the refugees’ areas of origin increase the risk of communicable disease outbreaks in the camps. The current drought impacting the Somali region poses constraints in terms of available resources.  ",8
3058,Sept. 2017: <0.1 million in IPC Phase 2. None in IPC Phase 3 or higher. ,3
7296,"Loss of identity documents remains a recurrent issue among those interviewed. Especially for the Tawergha community, loss of identity documents, including passport, was reported. 61 percent of Tawergha respondents stated they had lost their passport and identity documents at the time of displacement. ",9
5166,"Cholera resurged in Iraq with six cases confirmed to date in central and southern governorates (Baghdad, Najaf, and Wassit). UNICEF and partners are working to provide supply of safe water, through water quality monitoring and purification, and the scale-up of hygiene promotion and outreach activities in affected or at risk locations.",4
8365,"Venezuelan authorities said Thursday more than 50 tons of food have been incinerated by anti-government groups, amid ongoing attacks on public infrastructure.The attack took place in the municipality Simon Bolivar in Barcelona, Anzoategui state, when a group of attackers infiltrated a government food distribution centre. The Ministry of Food has stated the attackers set fire to the interior of a warehouse, destroying a stockpile of basic food products awaiting distribution.The incident was just the latest in a wave of attacks targeting Venezuela’s state food distribution network. More than 30 facilities and vehicles involved in food distribution have been attacked in recent months, according to the minister.",3
7369,"12,000 displaced Syrians in the study setting of Al Marj, Bekaa. Refugees in Al Marj live either in tented settlements or in rented rooms or flats. Tented settlements, resembling very small refugee camps, are located on agricultural land, not far from town centers. Refugees pay between $75 and $100 per month to reside in the tented settlements, and have no formal tenancy agreements. Tents are small and are often shared by numerous families. This congestion encourages the spread of infectious diseases and may increase protection risks. The tents have limited access to clean water, and no appropriate sanitation facilities",10
5265,"According to data from last month, Hurricane Matthew affected 42,338 houses, representing 72% of the housing in five of the most affected municipalities: Baracoa, Mais, Imas, San Antonio del Sur and Yateras. Out of the total amount of damaged houses, 8,413 were reported as total collapses and 6,552 partial collapses; 15,235 houses lost the entire roof and 12,138 only part of it. ",10
8295,"The Technical Secretariat for Food Security and Nutrition’s Vulnerability Assessment Group (SETSAN/GAV) conducted a food security assessment in March in seven provinces through structured household interviews and community focus groups, along with visits to local markets to assess staple food prices. SETSAN/GAV determ ined that the overall level of acute food insecurity has deteriorated since November 2015, estimating 1.5 million people in need of humanitarian assistance. Tete is the province with the highest number of people in need (334,413), followed by Sofala (329,022), Zambézia (254,379), Gaza (202,282), Inhambane (129,827), Maputo (123,960) and Manica (92,484). However, the assessment does not provide any breakdown based on severity and/or timeframes. Overall, in six of the seven provinces (except Zambézia), SETSAN found that more than 98% of households had no cereal reserves and less than 10% were hoping to harvest some cereals. The majority of households had made at least three planting attempts, exhausting seeds for the upcoming second season and for the 2016/17 agriculture season. Dietary diversity has fallen since November, and on average 41% of households have an 'inadequate' food consumption score. Based on a rapid mid -upper arm circumference (MUAC) survey, global acute malnutrition (GAM) prevalence is critical in Tete and in Sofala Provinces (greater than 15%). FEWS NET participated in Tete Province, and the most vulnerable households with low or no income were resorting to wild foods at a higher frequency and for more prolonged use.   Based on the assessment results, SETSAN recommended prioritizing the provision of food assistance in areas with acute food insecurity needs since last year, which include the southern provinces of Gaza and Inhambane and parts of the central provinces of Sofala, Manica and Tete. SETSAN also recommended providing seeds for short-cycle crops for areas receiving late rainfall, and prioritizing nutritional rehabilitation interventions for Tete, Sofala, Manica, and Inhambane Provinces.  ",3
6374,"Consecutively poor Gu/Genna and Deyr/Hagaya 2016 seasons in worst-affected areas of southern and southeastern Ethiopia have led to declines in livestock productivity, deaths of livestock (mostly cattle) and sharp declines in livestock to cereal terms-of trade, resulting in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) acute food insecurity in many pastoral areas. Forecasts for below-average Gu rains between March and May 2017 suggest further deterioration in food security is possible later in 2017.  Poor performance of the Kiremt rains in some lowland areas of eastern and central Oromia, northeastern SNNPR, and eastern Amhara led to below-average agricultural production for the second consecutive year. In southern Afar and Sitti Zone of Somali Region, low livestock herd sizes following the severe, El Nino-related drought in 2015. In these areas, Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes are likely to persist through at least May 2017. ",3
7909,"at the national level, about 148,458 persons are food insecure or vulnerable to food insecurity representing approximately 8% of the total population (of which 0.6% are severely food insecure) of the 2015 projected population of The Gambia. This represents an increase in the proportion of the food insecure population from 5.6% in the 2011 CFSVA.",3
8041,Citizens in the UN Protection of Civilians’ site (PoC) in Malakal town in South Sudan’s Upper Nile State have complained about soaring prices of commodities at the market within the site.,3
9769,"Protection needs are high, in particular for the returnees and deported people from the Dominican Republic, the people affected by Hurricane Matthew - including the 175,000 people who took refuge in collective centres - and the 55,100 IDPs since the 2010 earthquake. These populations lack access to basic services, including to safe water and sanitation. Children, elderly, women and singleheaded households are particularly exposed to abuse, exploitation and violence, including sexual and genderbased violence. ",9
600,"HeRAMS Syria reports that all public health facilities in Afrin district (24) are reported to be out of service, while 6 public health centers are reported as partially functioning in Nabul, Zahraa, Dier Jamal, Kafar Naya, Meskan, and Abin. Reports indicate that the majority of the city’s medical staff were among the displaced population to the nearby communities",4
11758,"Child marriage among Syrian refugees has more than doubled in the last four years according to new data released by Jordan’s court system.In 2014, 15 per cent of all Syrian marriages included a child bride. Now, it is 36 per cent, according to new figures published by Jordan’s court system.For Syrian families, marrying their daughters is a desperate response to their living conditions which see parents struggling to provide for their children and fearing for their safety – particularly as a result of the increase of sexual violence against girls. ",9
2020,"The displaced population in and around Aburoc is likely to hit 50,000 in the coming days, it said in a statement, and people are also reported to be crossing into Sudan for safety.'People fleeing... to Aburoc are undertaking long and treacherous journeys — some travelling eight days by foot without access to water and food,' it said.MSF's Bachmann said water trucks could not reach Aburoc, and it suspended its hospital operations there on Thursday morning.",11
1800,"at the national level, about 148,458 persons are food insecure or vulnerable to food insecurity representing approximately 8% of the total population (of which 0.6% are severely food insecure) of the 2015 projected population of The Gambia. This represents an increase in the proportion of the food insecure population from 5.6% in the 2011 CFSVA.",8
7493,"The cessation of hostilities and the renewal of the UNSC resolution have yet to result in a substantive  expansion of access for humanitarian assistance and personnel, that could help mitigate the seriously  deteriorated living conditions for populations in both government and opposition-controlled areas. ",6
7664,"A shortage of WASH facilities and core relief items, including solar lamps for new arrivals and refugees resid ing in emergency shelters, are the main gaps requiring urgent attention. ? Inadequate food supply due to reduced rations has resulted in negative coping mechanisms like stealing from other refugees and the host community. ? Worn-out emergency and family shelters need urgent replacement during the rainy season.",9
926,A civil society activist in Yei town accused government troops and allied militia of killing five youth based on their ethnicity and raping more than 15 women over the past two weeks.,9
3896,"Most worryingly however, the Emergency Law allows the authorities to try individuals before the flagrantly unfair Emergency State Security Courts which do not allow for the right to an appeal.  “States of emergency can never be allowed to excuse violations of non-derogable rights. Torture, unlawful killings, enforced disappearances, and arbitrary detention cannot be made lawful by declaring an emergency,” said Najia Bounaim.   Torture, unlawful killings, enforced disappearances, and arbitrary detention cannot be made lawful by declaring an emergency",9
7278,"For the 440,000 remaining Palestine refugees in Syria, most of them robbed of their livelihoods, and their assets depleted, life is a precarious struggle to survive and to cover most of their basic needs. Ninety-five percent depend on UNRWA to survive. Even when the guns fall silent, the struggle will continue in the ruined landscapes of Aleppo, Khan Eshieh, Yarmouk, and Dera’a.",5
9250,"Thus, from June to September 2017, 28% of the population (about 855,800 people) will be in IPC Phases 3 & 4, and would need an emergency action to protect their livelihood, reduce the food deficit and acute malnutrition. In the Southeastern regions, this proportion is more important (34%) than in the South (24%); which can be explained by the numerous emergency interventions carried out since the end of 2015. Household food consumption in the South-East and the mostly stricken districts for the projected situation would deteriorate compared with the current period. All parameters related to availability, access, use and food stability put together, based on the situation before harvest from the main season will lead to that situation. Even after harvest, one could expect an increase of percentage of households with poor and borderline food consumption score. In the South, we should expect a slight improvement of the situation compared to 2016 although it will remain fragile. ",3
5428,"While Eritrean UASC were the most numerous UASC group to arrive by sea in 2016, only one Eritrean UASC disembarked in February 2017 (4 had disembarked in January 2017, out of 16 total Eritrean sea arrivals that month). In the first two months of 2017, 30% of Iraqi arrivals were UASC, followed by 25% of Gambian arrivals, 19% of Ivoirians, 18% of Sierra Leoneans, 17% of Guineans, and 14% of Senegalese.",1
10851,"614,749 children affected 1,886,310 people affected 164 deaths 65,028 collapsed/uninhabitable houses 377,372 affected houses 150 collapsed/uninhabitable schools 3,520 affected schools 70 collapsed/uninhabitable health facilities 1,161 affected health facilities (INDECI, 23 Sep 2017)  ",10
9553,"From January 2017 to date, a total of 2,415 suspected typhoid cases with six typhoid related deaths were reported (CFR 0.27 per cent) out of which 79 were laboratory confirmed. In June 2017, 29 typhoid cases were reported during week 22 and 23 and since that time no cases have been reported as shown in figure 2 below. A total of six suspected cholera cases were also reported, of which one was confirmed positive. A total of 3 cholera related deaths were also reported during the same period (CFR 50 per cent). Due to enhanced risk reduction measures, no suspected cholera cases have been reported since March 2017",4
11490,"On February 18, the president of the Bani Saad Council in Diyala Province, Rasul al-Husseini, announced that more than 70 cases of diarrhea were recorded in three villages south-west of Diyala, 20 kilometers away from Baqubah, calling on the issuance of an urgent decision to shut down civil water purification in the region. Husseini added that “preliminary investigations indicate that the cause of diarrhea is the poor quality of water produced by private water purification plants in the region,” pointing to “the issuance of an urgent decision to close it and open an expanded investigation in the presence of information that these stations did not comply with instructions on the amount of chlorine in water treatment.”  On February 19, more than 400 cases of diarrhea in two days were registered in the villages south-west of Diyala. A Provincial Council Member of Diyala Province, Raad al-Masoudi, called on the Ministry of Health to open an urgent investigation stressing that “the need to disclose the results of what is happening is a great concern to the public opinion at the moment.” He said in an interview that “villages in the area of ??Bani Saad (20 km southwest of Baqubah) have experienced a strange and mysterious cases of diarrhea and strong colic during the past two days,” pointing out that “more than 400 cases have been recorded and the numbers are increasing steadily.”  On February 19, the heavy rain in Diyala Province posed a threat on the internal displaced persons (IDPs), as the rain besieged dozens of families at Saad camp near Diyala Province. It was difficult to maintain the passages as the IDP camps has turned into a big lake. The IDPs in the camp said that a little overflow of the rain can be a problem, because there is no sewage in the camps. ",4
8413,Children in the electorate of Papua New Guinea's incumbent prime minister are too scared to turn up to school due to election-related violence,2
4109,"Today, November 6, upon the request of the Government of the Socialist Republic of Viet Nam, the Government of Japan has decided to provide emergency relief goods (water purifiers) through the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) to Viet Nam in response to the damages caused by the recent typhoon.",1
1053,"The Ministry of Health would like to inform the general public that there is an active Cholera outbreak in parts of Kampala City. A total of 7 cases have been confirmed and are currently undergoing treatment at China-Uganda Friendship Hospital (CUFH), Naguru. Three of these cases are from one family residing in Mpigi District while the other four are from two families residing in Kalerwe in Kampala City. ",4
11832,"Activist Gamar El Tahir reported to this station from the village of El Saraf El Ahmar in Eastern Galabat that the isolation unit in the area is overcrowded with cholera patients. He pointed to lack of clean water and proper sanitation, and huge swarms of flies in the area.",4
5048,"Civilian casualties documented and verified by OHCHR in December 2017 were three times higher than the monthly average for the year. Governorates most affected by casualties in 2017 include Taizz (26%) where there has been intense, ongoing conflict, Al-Hudaydah (18%) where military offensives have recently reached as well as Sa’ada (11%",9
11114,"Te IPC report for the period of October 2017 to February 2018 revealed an improvement in the food security situation in comparison to the previous IPC period. Humanitarian actions in response to Hurricane Matthew had contributed to this improvement in the departments of Sud, Nippes, NordOuest, Sud-Est and Artibonite. Te IPC report, however, estimated that 1.32 million people in ‘Crisis’ and ‘Emergency’ (IPC Phases 3 and 4) cannot meet their daily food needs and need urgent humanitarian assistance. Tis entire population is rural and the most afected departments in terms of severity are Nord-Est (due to residual impact of droughts in 2015/2016 and Hurricane Irma) and Grand’Anse (as a result of the residual efects of hurricane Matthew). Without appropriate and timely assistance, the food security situation is projected to deteriorate between March and June 2018 in certain areas due to the upcoming lean season.",3
11236,"Armyworms have appeared in about 20 districts in mostly central and western areas and attacked about 40 percent of the maize in some zones, the agriculture ministry said.  Their attacks and could potentially wipe out 11 percent of the country's annual four-million-metric-ton output of the crop and sugarcane fields had also suffered damage, the ministry added. ",5
11345,"Our colleagues in the peacekeeping Mission in Mali (MINUSMA) this weekend reported a number of indirect fire attacks on their convoys and camps in the Kidal region, in the north of the country. Three peacekeepers were wounded on Sunday morning when their vehicle — which was part of a convoy from Aguelhok to Tessalit — hit an improvised explosive device about 40 km north-west of Aguelhok. The injured peacekeepers were immediately evacuated to Bamako. And in two separate incidents, the UN Mission’s camp in Tessalit came under indirect fire attack on Friday evening, while its camp in Aguelhok came under indirect fire attack on Sunday morning.",9
2309,"A total of 2,319 AWD/cholera cases and 22 deaths (CFR– 0.9%) were reported during week 20 (15th– 21th May 2017) from 41 districts in 14 regions. Of these, 305 cases (13% of the total cases) were reported from Wadajr district in Banadir region.",4
10714,"Household food availability in the south-eastern and coastal marginal agriculture areas has also reduced due to the near-total crop failure in coastal areas and up to 70 percent below-average production in the south-eastern marginal 6 agricultural areas. The poor season means that the opportunities for casual farm labour such as harvesting are few. Many households are seeing a fall in income, and as staple food prices rise, consumption is reduced.",3
2486,"As of 13 April, 11,000 households (55,000 people) remain displaced following the 26 February earthquake. This includes 1,250 households staying in nine care centres, and almost 10,000 displaced households who are sheltering within their communities. An estimated 15,700 students studying in 105 schools have had their education disrupted, with five schools destroyed and 100 partially damaged.",2
3887,"The Solomon Islands has experience the highest number of cases, with more than 10,000 suspected infections since a dengue outbreak was declared in October 2016.",4
2058,"The ministry says in the last 10 days of July there were 62 confirmed cases of H1N1, with 12 deaths. The heightened sense of alert led the city of Mandalay to cancel an annual spirit festival that was supposed to start a few days ago. Local media reported a 14th fatality this week and a slight uptick in infections. Adding to some of the confusion there was a separate outbreak of bird flu on a farm in southern Myanmar late last month.",4
10874,"In Kachin, Shan and Rakhine, there are vulnerable people who lack access to services and livelihoods as a result of factors such as armed conflict, discrimination, intercommunal tensions and movement restrictions (either imposed by authorities or self-imposed because of insecurity). ",5
6022,"The rapid response team is still to issue a complete assessment report, but so far a cumulative number of 6 cases are reported, including the first suspect case among health staff. Samples were taken and results are still expected. ",4
11981,On 13 Jan lanslide due to heavy rains in Moquegua. 64 people affected. 1 school affected 1 health facility affected crops destroyed. ,0
9398,"A high psychological impact is estimated in the Population, especially children and adolescents. Adolescents, who were in class During the fighting, remaining in the middle of the crossfire. Due to this situation, Teachers have decided to finish the classes more Early as an alternative to protect the student",2
6411,"More than 2,000 people died from an outbreak of the disease in Nigeria in 2009, with basic healthcare limited in rural parts of the country, where most people live on less than $2 a day, despite the country's huge oil resources.",4
8646,"Water stress triggered by the poor monsoon in the key growing areas of Southern Karnataka and the Pollachi region of Tamil Nadu has impacted coconut production, with growers putting the output loss as high as 30-40 per cent. ",5
6703,"While the nutritional situation in Rakhine reflects nutritional emergency levels and requires life-saving interventions, the problem of acute malnutrition could only be fully addressed if long term multi-sectorial interventions are implemented and initiatives such as the State Development Plan and the UN Advisory Commission recommendations are effectively implemented. Chronic malnutrition is also a major concern with global stunting levels ranging between 27.5 (IDP Sittwe urban) to 42.1 per cent (IDP Pauktaw) and 47.6 per cent (IDP Sittwe rural) in Rakhine, and 36 per cent in Kachin and Shan (above 40 per cent is considered as critical by WHO). From January to August 2017, Some 19,345 children aged 6-59 months with acute malnutrition received therapeutic care in Rakhine. In addition to the alarming levels of acute and chronic malnutrition, surveys also highlight poor and sub-optimal IYCF practices related to timely initiation of breastfeeding, exclusive breastfeeding, and timely complementary feeding.",8
7591,"Turning to Yemen, our humanitarian colleagues tell us that the Saudi?led Coalition has eased restrictions for humanitarian movements in Yemen’s national airport in Sana’a and the Hodeida and Saleef ports. On Saturday, three humanitarian flights landed and took off from Sana'a International Airport, including two UN Humanitarian Air Service passenger flights and one humanitarian air cargo flight. One of those flights delivered 1.9 million doses of diphtheria vaccines — that is enough for 600,000 children — to protect them against whooping cough, tuberculosis, pneumonia and meningitis. These vaccines will help to contain the current outbreak of diphtheria — which since August has seen more than 170 suspected cases and at least 14 deaths recorded in Ibb Governorate.  Since the beginning of the blockade three weeks ago, the first commercial cargo vessel carrying 5,500 metric tons of wheat flour was able to berth in Hodaidah port yesterday, while a UN?chartered vessel carrying 25,000 metric tons of bulk wheat berthed at Saleef port today.",6
10685,"National average market prices of core food items(bread, wheat flour, sugar, rice, lentils) and fuel (diesel) expressed in local currency remained high compared to last year, reflecting the impact of ongoing conflict, the continued decline of the Syrian pound (SYP) against the United States dollar (USD) and trends on international markets. Prices of most of these commodities have also shown annual increase in USD terms. However, the costs of food and fuel have mostly declined or changed marginally in the first three months of the year except for bread, which increased in value in the reporting period as a result of intermittent supplies of diesel that disrupted bakeries.",7
7773,"The DTM has identified approximately 7,000 returnee families across villages in Hammam al-Aleel sub-district. Reportedly, these returnees were forcibly displaced from this area towards the city of Mosul in November 2016. Their areas of origin were retaken by ISF at the end of March 2017, and from midMay returns to Hammam al-Aleel sub-district started to be recorded. After further verifications the figures have now been added to the DTM returnee counting",9
2362,"International NGO AVSI has suspended a distribution of household items in the areas of Tande-Bendera and Manyanga, Kalemie Territory, following the death of three people during violent clashes opposing members of the Twa community and Banyamulenge farmers. An assessment conducted between 11 and 14 March by NGO Catholic Relief Services revealed that over 15,000 IDPs living in villages located some 100 km north-west of Kalemie need assistance as they suffer from poor food consumption and have lost all their belongings during their flight.",9
11583,"Much of the huge stock of wheat meant for free of cost distribution among deserving Thari families has been destroyed or badly affected by rains, pests and weevils, it is learnt. The stock was meant for distribution in the 11th phase of the scheme launched by Sindh Senior Minister for Food and Parliamentary Affairs Nisar Ahmed Khuhro on June 24. It was announced that the revenue and food officials concerned would distribute wheat bags weighing 100kg each among 287,964 families living in around 2,500 villages of Tharparkar district that had been facing a drought-like situation due to poor rainfall over the past few years. ",3
8449,"According to the Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH) Cluster, at least 15 incidents of shelling, resulting in interruption of water supply were recorded in May. A shelling incident of a water filter station left some 460,000 people with limited or no alternative water sources, while access for the teams to perform emergency repairs has been hampered by ongoing insecurity and presence of mines. In addition, issues of non-payment of debts between multiple energy and water entities continue to disrupt water supply for several affected communities.",11
8192,"One new case of wild poliovirus type 1 (WPV1) was reported this week, bringing the total of ocially reported WPV1 cases in Pakistan in 2018 to two.  This latest case had onset of paralysis on 15 April, from Dukki, Balochistan.No new WPV1-positive environmental samples were reported in the past week. During the May immunization campaign, vaccinators worked to reach over 20 million children with bivalent oral polio vaccine. ",8
7344,74% Shelter roofs in return areas are fully or partially damaged; 45% Housing Damage (Full) 47% Housing Damage (Partial) ,10
544,"This makes the total for this year 3,682 migrants rescued and 171 bodies retrieved.",9
568,"The health sector in Gaza is already suffering from electricity cuts, severe shortages of supplies and understaffing, and can hardly deal with such a significant number of casualties. The caseload has caused further depletion of medical supplies and has also compromised access to healthcare for non-trauma cases, as thousands of previously appointed elective surgeries have been postponed until further notice.",4
8787,"Al-Assad-Hospital resumed operations at limited capacity after a temporary closure on 18 January due to fighting in the area, and media reports that the hospital had been looted by ISIL were not confirmed by sources on the ground. However, only individuals located in the western besieged enclave can access the facility, and many injuries and critical medical cases inside the eastern besieged enclave cannot be cared for adequately. At least 42 critical civilian medical cases need to be transported from Harabesh to the Al-Qusour area and from there transition to hospitals in Damascus due to the severity of their conditions. An additional 55 injured civilians in Harabesh are in urgent need of transportation to Al-Qosour and Al-Joura areas for medical care. Five Syrian government military helicopters are used to transport injured military personnel to Qamishli and Hama airports. The SARC health center in the western enclave is still functioning, but the SARC mobile clinic went out of service on 15 January because of shelling in the area. Due to insufficient medical resources and the ongoing fighting, the number of people in need of medical evacuations is expected to rise. ",4
1941,"Recent data collected from the Ministry of Education in Tripoli and Benghazi revealed that 558 schools have been affected by the crisis. Of this, 30 schools have been completely damaged, 477 are partially damaged and 51 are accommodating Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs). As a result, 279,000 students are affected by the crisis (considering that the average number of children per school is 500 students).",2
1890,Local sources reported that Pakistani forces have killed at least 13 people and abducted 50 in consecutive attacks in past one week.,9
3934,"Since the beginning of the Coastal El Niño event, the number of affected people has further increased and now stands at 1 117 533 persons (from which 156 420 have been left homeless), along with 4 360 km of roads destroyed, 35 284 collapsed and/or inhabitable houses, 603 health facilities and 1 805 education institutions affected.According to recent assessments, around 567 000 persons are without water and sanitation services in the departments of Tumbes, Piura, Lambayeque, La Libertad, and Ancash and at least 22 584 persons are living in shelters (informal / spontaneous) without services. The protection sector is of great concern.The Government of Peru is preparing a National Emergency Plan soon to be released, while the UN is preparing a Flash Appeal.",7
10855,"40 patients injured in the demonstrations since the 30th March applied to exit Gaza through Erez Crossing for health care, as of 20th May 2018. A total of 13 applications were approved (acceptance rate of 32.5%, which is significantly lower than the overall rate of 60% for the first quarter of 2018), 21 were denied (denial rate of 52.5%, which is significantly higher than the overall denial rate of 8% for the first quarter of 2018) and 6 patient applications were still pending. ? Jordan has coordinated the evacuation of 30 injured patients through Erez to receive treatment in the Jordanian hospitals: 7 were evacuated on 20th May and 23 were evacuated on 23rd May. ? Another 19 injured patients tried to cross Rafah terminal for treatment in Egypt: 9 were permitted to cross and 10 were returned to Gaza.",4
10925,"Our team was the first to launch a detailed, multi-sectoral investigation on the ground in the five most affected areas in Lomami. Getting there was not easy. The voyage from DRC’s capital, Kinshasa, involves a flight to Bujumai, and then a four-hour drive to Mwene-Ditu. Along the way, there are 10 security checkpoints. The roads conditions are generally poor, and now that rainy season is underway, many parts of the route have been flooded or washed away",6
3257,A total of 21 confirmed dengue cases were reported in French Polynesia between 19 December 2016 and 1 January 2017 (11 cases in week 51 and 10 cases in week 52) (Figure 9). Four (18%) of the 21 cases were confirmed as DENV-1 infection. ,4
3511,"Preparation of the Post-Disaster Recovery FrameworkThe Post-Disaster Recovery Framework (PDRF) was prepared under the leadership of the NRA, in consultation with key stakeholders, to provide a systematic, structured and prioritized framework for implementing recovery and reconstruction.",10
7422,"The Sudanese government must end politically-motivated and sometimes deadly attacks on Darfuri students at universities across the country, said Amnesty International today as it released a report covering a wave of attacks spanning three years.",2
3550,"Continued steep depreciation of South Sudanese Pound: In Juba, SSP was exchanging at SSP 111 per US Dollar in the black market while the official rate stood at SSP 100 (Figure 1). The exchange rate on black market increased by 11% compared to January 2017. It was 264% higher than the rate in February 2016. The official exchange rate has increased by 22% against the preceding month and by 232% when compared to February 2016. The black market exchange rate stood 11% higher than the official rate, and the gap between the black and official market has become narrowed in February. The continued depreciation of local currency has triggered importers and big capacity traders to keep their money in USD as a coping strategy, which is a contributing factor for the demand for USD to outstrip supply.",3
4336,"Iraqi security officials say a double suicide attack has targeted a wedding in a village near the city of Tikrit, killing at least 30 people and wounding 26 others.  The March 8 attack was at the village of Hajaj, about 160 kilometers northwest of Baghdad. ",9
4802,"Boko Haram gunmen on 19 March raided Bodoum village in south-eastern Niger and looted a health centre and food from villagers. It was the first attack after a two-month lull. On 20 March, three suspected Boko Haram members killed a civilian in Garin Dogo village in Diffa",9
2630,"The reporting period witnessed similar levels of trends and patterns of threats including, but not limited to, body born improvised explosive devices with female suicide bombers where three incidents were recorded. Daily activities of incursions and mobilizations were reported predominantly in the departments of Mayo Sava, Logone and Chari and some areas of Mayo Tsanaga. Noteworthy is the incident that took place in the proximity of Bonderi village of Waza commune where seemingly a suicide attack was attempted in conjunction with another attack against elements of the Multinational Joint Taskforce. Cameroonian security forces also arrested several individuals allegedly affiliated with Boko Haram.In the North region, the security situation in the border zone with CAR is dominated by the resurgence of organized crime, particularly in Touboro, where cases of kidnappings and armed robberies where refugees have been the victims were reported. In Adamaoua region, a temporary lift of the escort on the Meiganga-Djohong-Yamba, Djohong-Ngaoui and DjohongBatoua-Godele axes was decided by the SMT on recommendation of the ASMT after a Security Risk Assessment (SRA) realized in September.",9
11998,Inaccessibility of some areas as a result of insecurity is affecting delivery of basic health services to communities affected by AWD/ Cholera and Measles. ,4
5754,"• According to FEWSNET, the cumulative performance of Xays/Daada rains (October to February) was slightly below-average, but together with favorable 2016 Karan/Karma rainfall, has contributed to marked improvements of livestock ownership across Djibouti, except in Dikhil region; improving household incomes and food and milk access. As a result, the majority of the poor households are expected to remain in Stressed (IPC Phase 2) through May 2017, ahead of the lean season.",3
10752,"Results of the recently concluded Long Rains food and nutrition security assessment (LRA) shows that approximately 3.4 million people are acutely food insecure due to the ongoing drought, an increase from 2.6 million in February 2017. Of this total of 3.4 million, 2.6 million are classified as experiencing Crisis and above (IPC Phase 3) outcomes, and 0.8 million are classified as being (IPC Phase 2) outcomes, with the likelihood of deteriorating into Crisis (IPC Phase 3). The impact of the drought condition is likely to deteriorate further as the country enters into the lean season.",8
8159,"At least 40 woredas across seven zones (of a total of 99 woredas) are currently affected in the region. The outbreak is reportedly spreading, including a resurface in Qoloji IDP sites in Babile where the Regional Health Bureau is re-establishing the CTC. ",4
2902,"In addition to the country’s economic woes, in October Zambia hiked retail prices of petrol nearly 39 percent while diesel went up by 33 percent.",5
3441,"She said some villagers had since gone back to check on their homes and farms, only to find these had been looted and trashed.",0
3386,"Epidemiology Unit, Ministry of Health: Dengue update, 19 July 2017During the last 07 month of the year 2017, 97125 suspected dengue cases have been reported to the Epidemiology Unit from all over the island. Latest Disease Trends,  Approximately 42.26% of dengue cases were reported from the Western province. The highest numbers of dengue cases were reported during the 27 week of 2017.",4
974,"Between weeks 1 and 45 (2017), 604 suspected Lassa fever cases with 124 laboratory confirmed cases and 67 deaths (CFR, 11.09%) from 93 LGAs (27 States) were reported compared with 868 suspected cases with 89 laboratory confirmed cases and 107 deaths (CFR, 12.33%) from 140 LGAs (29 States) during the same period in 2016 (Figure 1)",4
9458,"Lunar New Year celebrations have been disrupted across Peninsular Malaysia as several waves of flooding triggered by seasonal heavy rains have affected have affected nearly 15,000 people across 6 states.As of today, nearly 7,800 people remain in evacuation centres. Johor and Pahang States have been particularly hard hit",10
7420,"Food items and most consumable NFIs were reported to be largely available in markets, though around one-quarter of KIs reported that food prices were too high for some households to afford. By contrast, non-consumable NFIs, in particular winter items such as clothing, blankets and heaters, were often reported to be either unavailable in markets or unaffordable for the typical IDP household.",7
3052,"Physicians for Human Rights has corroborated 492 attacks on health care facilities and 847 deaths of medical personnel, including doctors, nurses, dentists and even medical students since the beginning of the war. More than 90% were carried out by the Assad regime or Russia, the group says.",4
7082,"In addition, constant cattle raiding has deprived most communities of their livestock and other assets. Most cattle in Tonj East, Tonj North, and Manyangok Payam in Tonj South has been stolen. In Lakes State, most cattle is now concentrated in the hands of a few armed groups; a few small communities in Lakes State are reported to still have cattle and other livestock, though they must resort to the use of arms to protect their cattle from continued raids.",5
9224,"Cholera has spread again in El Obeid in North Kordofan after decrease during the last period.    Yesterday Dr Amer Adam, the deputy specialist in family medicine and the head of the doctors committee at El Obeid Hospital told Radio Dabanga that seven new cases of the disease were reported at El Sahwa district north of El Obeid on Wednesday.  ",4
6779,"Since 18 June, the Koro area (Mopti region) has been affected by violent clashes between two ethnic groups. According to the latest reports, at least 30 people have been killed. Several wounded were treated in local and regional healthcare centres. This remote area has already witnessed several clashes throughout this year, leading to the displacement of populations. ",4
364,"Moreover, the lack of clean drinking water and poor hygiene and sanitation conditions in most of the camps, combined with food insecurity, has resulted in recurrent outbreaks of cholera and other waterborne illnesses, which at present continue to take lives at a rate that exceeds the emergency threshold",3
10436,"In 2016, water and sanitation systems and infrastructure further deteriorated, and WASH partners worked hard to prevent these systems from collapsing. IDPs, returnees and host communities continued to raise WASH as their priority need. The deteriorating WASH conditions in the past year contributed to disease outbreaks such as cholera, dengue and scabies. The rainy season was particularly strong and caused flooding in April and June-Aug, affecting 130,000 people.",11
10071,"New arrivals are living in spontaneous settlements with increasing need of humanitarian assistance, including shelter, food, clean water, and sanitation. Key challenges include the recent diphtheria outbreak (over 900 reported cases as per 13 December); demarcation and construction on land without prior engagement with Site Management, leading to confusion; lack of access to food amongst Rohingya refugees in certain camp areas, and limited access to, and inadequate, WASH services.",4
1356,"Among Tunisia's push-factors: lack of access to education, health care, employment. Also, a growing fatigue with prospects for political reform now six years after the start of the Arab Spring, in the country where the regional upheavals began.",4
927,"The volatile security situation in Northeast Nigeria, coupled with trade restrictions, population displacements, restricted road access during the rainy season, and arrivals of refugees from Niger and Cameroon have continued to drive food insecurity in the region.",3
5387,"Among internally displaced persons (IDPs) ages 6 to 59 months in southeastern RoC’s Pool and Bouenza departments, the global acute malnutrition (GAM) prevalence is 17.3 percent, exceeding the emergency threshold of 15 percent, according to a May 2017 survey conducted by the Government of RoC and the UN. In addition, more than half of IDP households surveyed were food-insecure.",8
6101,Local cereal prices declined in most of the Southern and Central regions of the country month-on-month in November 2017. This is attributed to increased supply from the neighboring rural towns resulting from clearing of stocks in anticipation of a relatively favorable outlook for the new Deyr season harvest. Annual comparison indicates higher prices for local grains in most regions of the country attributable to reduced supply due to poor successive harvests except in Juba valley where cereal prices are 19 percent lower than last year due to increased supply and better harvest prospects compared to a year ago.,3
1292,"South Sudanese rebels have accused the government of waging of a camping of recruiting young school children in UN-run camps in Malakal, Bentiu, Bor, and Wau.The Sudan People’s Liberation Army-In Opposition (SPLA-IO) Spokesperson Brig. General William Gatjiath Deng said in a prepared statement that Juba’s regime resorts to recruiting young children after its troops, militias, and mercenaries were defeated in Maiwut and Pagak. Gatjiath also said South Sudan’s government is bribing people in the areas to keep quiet. ",9
5029,"CONCERNS OVER IED PROLIFERATION  The army on 10 March expressed worry over the proliferation of unexploded devices across many areas in the north-east and the challenges of detonating them. Explosions from IEDs buried on roads and paths and farmlands have killed and wounded many civilians and military personnel in Borno and Yobe states in recent months. At least seven civilians were killed in Dikwa locality in Borno on 6 March when they stepped on an IED on their way to fetch firewood. Humanitarian actors continue to call for comprehensive demining across affected communities to ensure the safety of civilians, particularly farmers who have mostly been affected. ",9
2360,"The needs of the new 2017 IDPs are acute – particularly WASH, Shelter and Health. The humanitarian partners currently on the ground in Doolow have been unable to respond to the massive influx and to fill the widening gaps in services.",11
3776,"Public health services across Uganda have been brought to a standstill as doctors strike over pay and poor working conditions.  Members of the Uganda Medical Association (UMA) began nationwide action on 6 November over the government’s failure to meet their demands for salary and allowance increases, as well as for a review of the supply of medicines and other equipment in health centres.  Talks between doctors and the government, which has called the strike illegal, ended in stalemate on Wednesday.The standoff has left the public health care system in Uganda paralysed, with reports of patients dying as a result.  Doctors and medical interns are providing only emergency services, particularly in obstetrics, paediatrics and accident and emergency.",4
11090,"Food insecurity continues to worsen in the pastoral areas as livestock productivity and prices continue to decline, constraining income and food availability. Low milk production and poor dietary diversity are exacerbating already high malnutrition outcomes. The majority of poor households are in Crisis (IPC Phase 3), but some of the most vulnerable households in Turkana, Marsabit, and Isiolo are likely to face Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes between August and September.",3
7346,"In Logone and Chari department, 15 out of the 43 schools that were shut down remained closed as of end October. The 28 schools that reopened in this department have enrolled over 5,827 children (2,363 girls and 3,464 boys). Some of the gaps identified in these schools include 89 teachers, 4,080 school benches, 94 classrooms, 5,950 readings books, 24 water points and 48 latrines. On the other hand in Kolofata, Mayo Sava department, only one school out of a planned 44 reopened due to security reasons. Overall number of reopened schools in Far North region is 32, while 92 schools remain closed.",2
3141,"The seasonal heavy continuous rains in the Malaysia since 23rd January 2017 have caused flooding in six states, namely, Johor, Kelantan, Pahang, Perak, Selangor and Sabah. 4,207 families have been evacuated to evacuation centres. The worst hit states are Johor and Pahang where waters have rose up to 1.5 metres in certain areas. More rains are expected this weekend putting these states in risk over heavy flooding.",10
1982,A lack of supplements continued to impede the correct and most efficient treatment of severe malnutrition. 46 such cases were registered at the Meri site – the vast majority children – and eight at the Biringi site.,8
5499,"Households across assessed areas faced high levels of shelter damage and, more generally, inadequate shelter. Shelter adequacy issues were reported by more than half of households in Dar’a, Hama and Quneitra and more than 30% in Aleppo, Idleb and Homs. KIs in Ar-Raqqa and Deir-ez-Zor also estimated that more than half of the households in their communities faced shelter adequacy issues. The most commonly reported shelter adequacy issue was exposure to the elements, such as cold and rain, which is likely to exacerbate difficulties faced by households in the coming winter.The highest percentages of households living in heavily damaged shelters (total building collapse, heavy fire damage, fully collapsed walls) were found in Hama and Quneitra. The most commonly reported cause of shelter damage across assessed areas was conflict-related.",10
8158,"Displacement trends are similarly worsening, with a neardoubling of the estimated number of displaced people over the course of 2017. Rates of urbanization within Somalia already ranked amongst the highest in the world. Over the last two decades, rural-urban migration due to insecurity, livelihood failure, including through confl ict related restricted movements of pastoralists, and the absence of basic services have resulted in rapid urban growth. Th e combination of rural-urban migration and forced internal displacement has increased pressure on the already limited basic services and urban livelihood opportunities available, which remain inadequate to respond to the needs of Somalia’s growing urban population. For instance, overstretched services and resources, such as health care and water, increase the risk of disease outbreaks. In addition, the population density and demographic/ethnic profi le of Somalia’s urban populations is changing rapidly, increasing the risk of localized confl icts and emerging forms of social exclusion",11
1400,"The Protection Cluster in the Turkey Hub released a new rapid protection monitoring report on the population movements from Arsal (Lebanon) to Idleb and Aleppo governorates. The report is based on over 200 key informant (KI) interviews, 16 focus group discussions (FGDs) and 31 household-level interviews. ? The report found that 72 per cent of KIs cited general insecurity as the primary reason for leaving Arsal city and Wadi Hmeid in Lebanon. Fifty-four per cent of KIs stated that individuals leaving Arsal did not receive information about their final destination before departure, while 46 per cent did. Data indicates that while Syrians in Arsal were given the option to leave or stay, those who decided to leave did not have any choice regarding the destination. Twenty-one per cent of KIs reported that some people did not leave Arsal due to various security concerns, including fear of arbitrary arrest during the journey or upon entry to Syria. Around 80 per cent of KIs said they were able to leave with their documents.",9
9225,"WFP provided a full ration to all refugees who arrived after July 2015, through a combination of food and cash. Refugees are likely Stressed (IPC Phase 2!). WFP requires 76.9 million USD to continue providing assistance at above levels through January 2018, and it is expected refugees would be in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) in the absence of assistance.",3
961,"In spite of the efforts to address the nutritional needs of new arrivals, malnutrition continues to pose a challenge, especially considering the already high rates at the receiving refugee camps.",8
2745,"“We’ve been working in that community for a few years, running a disaster risk reduction project. There are about 50 Red Cross volunteers in the Torres islands, and we have also set up community disaster committees there,” Mr Garae says.  “Through the training we’ve done with all the community disaster committees and area councils, they’re now all part of the Red Cross Movement.”  The value of Red Cross VHF radios was also proven during the emergency, with the Vanuatu government’s National Disaster Management Office (NDMO) able to make contact with the Torres island community through the Red Cross Torres radi",6
10272,"Executive director of the Southeast Asia-based migrant and refugee protection group Fortify Rights, said the group had seen a 'significant' rise in the number of child brides following increased violence in Rakhine.There are no official statistics on how many girls have been sold into marriage. In 2015, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said in a report it had identified 120 Rohingya child brides in Malaysia but it was unclear how many were trafficking victims. ",9
4972,"“The concerned department has not included the Sikh minority in the ongoing count. It is not only unfortunate for us, it is also a point of great concern for the community to have been missed out in the counting exercise,” Radesh Sing Tony, chairman of a Sikh committee, told DawnNews. ",9
6336,"According to the July 2017 WFP Monthly Market Price Watch Bulletin, in rural Deir Ez-Zor, the poor market functionality and low food supplies resulted in a 3 per cent increase in the total cost of a standard food basket. On 9 August, local media sources reported a significant decrease in the prices of livestock and property in the eastern countryside of Deir-ez-Zor governorate. Reportedly, the prices of houses dropped by 30 per cent and the prices of livestock dropped by 60 per cent.In the besieged parts of Deir-ez-Zor city, the humanitarian situation for the estimated 93,500 people remains extremely difficult. The average retail prices in the market are 19 per cent higher for rice and 150 per cent for bulgur compared to same commodities in Damascus.",3
4661,"Concerning cultivable land, 25,298 hectares have been affected and 11 802 hectares of crops have been lost. ? The affectation in irrigation infrastructure reaches 771 km of destroyed irrigation channels and 3,117 km of irrigation channels partially affected. ? The National Water Authority (ANA) reported that damages to the hydraulic infrastructure of the country amount to 93 million soles (approximately 28.5 million dollars) as a result of the rains, landslides and floods. ? According to ANA, 150,000 farmers have being affected, mainly in Tumbes, Piura, La Libertad, Lambayeque and Ancash.",0
0,"The humanitarian situation in Ar-Raqqa city remains dire with reports of fuel and food commodities becoming scarce. Most bakeries went out of service as they lack flour and diesel. In addition, mobile communication has been severed as the communication services building was allegedly destroyed by airstrikes, and ISIL has reportedly banned internet cafes services. Residents continue to flee the city via the river, damaged bridges and land routes, although ISIL has been reportedly preventing civilians from leaving. On 5 June, airstrikes reportedly hit a boat, allegedly carrying civilians from the northern to the southern bank of the Euphrates River which is reported to have resulted in nine casualties, and the injury of at least ten others. Obtaining verified information from Ar-Raqqa city remains challenging due to insecurity, heavy fighting and access constraints",7
6093,"Nord-Kivu: 260,000 people affected. 162,000 people in need. ",4
1082,"An estimated 453,000 people need education assistanceOf the 1,114 existing learning spaces, a total of 323 learning spaces have been upgraded to the semi-permanent type. The remaining 791 temporary learning spaces require upgrading.",2
9961,There have been 14 earthquakes greater than Magnitude 6.0 since November 2016. Over 9000 people affected and about 4000 houses damaged in Makira and Malaita provinces of Solomon Islands in December 2016. ,10
3805,"On Tuesday, 26 September, Nimer Mahmoud Jamal, 37, from Beit Surik carried out an attack in the settlement of Har Adar, killing a Border Police officer and two settlement security guards. Border Police officers and the settlement security coordinator – who himself had been moderately hurt during the incident according to the police – shot and killed Jamal. Immediately following the attack, the military implemented punitive measures against the residents of nine villages in the area of Beit Surik, northwest of Jerusalem, totaling about 40,000 people. The military’s actions included raids on villages and homes, damaging property in some cases, scores of arrests, as well as movement restrictions.",9
8433,"Water is also a big issue in Eastern Ghouta, where water supply networks have been destroyed because of the regime strikes. The networks also suffered massive damage after chemical weapons attacks which also raised fears of food and water poisoning. The regime only allows locals to access water through wells, and many young children queue for water to fill their bins.",11
8700,"At least 52 people were killed and 120 wounded today when the Nigerian Army bombed an internally displaced camp in Rann, Nigeria, according to the international medical humanitarian organization Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF), which has teams in the area.",9
5617," The blasts began in the early hours of Thursday morning at the munitions dump in Balakliya Some 20,000 people are being evacuated after a series of explosions at a massive arms depot in eastern Ukraine described by officials as sabotage.",10
11763,"At the primary school level, South Sudan has the highest rate of out-of-school children with close to 72 per cent of children missing out on education. It is followed by Chad (50 per cent) and Afghanistan (46 per cent). The three countries also have the highest rate of girls who are out of school, at 76 per cent for South Sudan, 55 per cent for Afghanistan, and 53 per cent for Chad. ",8
2288,"As in previous rounds of data collection, all data sources indicate that shortages of water continue to be an important factor impacting an overall increase in the level of tension or stress within earthquake affected communities.",11
9947,"Below-average forage and livestock body conditions across the majority of pastoral areas, with the exception of Turkana and Marsabit, has led to atypical and significant drops in livestock prices. Prices range between 7 – 24 percent below the five-year averages, limiting household purchasing power. Prices have also been depressed due to the oversupply of livestock for sale in the market, as January is the time that households seek to earn school fees.  ",3
5267,"Authorities in South Sudan’s Jonglei State said rival clans in Bor South County on Friday started evacuating a contested area, which was the scene of fighting that left at least 16 people dead and 8 others injured over ownership last week.The evacuation ispart of a deal brokered by Defense Minister Kuol Manyang and the local leaders of the two clans-the community of Nyara shall move to Jam and Nyan-Majok areas, while Nyichak, Awan, Biong and Mach Ayiel shall relocate to DDR, an area near Pariak.Speaking to Radio Tamazuj on Sunday, Philip Aguer, Jonglei State governor said they receive information from the army command in Bor South area that the rival clans are leaving the contested village.“Over 90% of the members of the rival clans have already moved to the designated areas as provided for in the agreement. The remaining people will also move away soon,” he said.The top government official in Jonglei described the security situation in the area as calm and relatively stable, adding neither side violated the deal since it was signed by six chiefs from the rival groups in Bor town.The governor further said the civilians who have already relocated lack food, water and shelter in the new areas. He appealed for humanitarian aid as the communities resettle.",3
9298,Ivory Coast Soldiers fired guns into the air to disperse protesters in Ivory Coast's second city on Friday as the defence minister arrived for talks with leaders of a military mutiny that paralysed much of the country last week. ,9
6763,"Water-treatment projects have been held back by issues including war, financing and Israeli restrictions. Greenblatt also laid blame on Hamas for diverting funds for military uses instead of paying the Palestinian Authority for services.  “We are 21 years behind the need,” Ashour said, pointing out that construction on a new plant first planned in 1996 has only just started. It will have a solar system installed so it can continue to treat water during power cuts.  Gaza’s environment authority classes 63 percent of its 25-mile coastline as seriously polluted and says waterborne diseases are increasing.",11
7719,"The number of suspected cases of cholera continue to decline nationally with 7,626 cases reported up to June 30, 2017 compared to over 21,000 in the same period in 2016,",4
6304,"The hygiene and sanitation conditions in the IDPs settlements remain poor with insufficient sanitation facilities and related open defecation. Several water points are dysfunctional due to over-use, forcing IDPs to buy water at prohibitive costs. Additional emergency latrines and garbage disposal pits in IDP settlements need to be built and there is a need to continuously disludge existing pit latrines. With the upcoming Deyr rainy season rehabilitation of WASH facilities (water points and latrines) remains very critical.",11
7788,"Dozens of staff members from a hospital in rebel-held northwestern Syria are on strike for the sixth straight day because they have not been paid for the past six months, hospital sources told Syria Direct.Doctors at the Ahli Hospital in Azaz, a city 6km south of Syria’s northern border controlled by Turkish-backed rebels, announced on May 10 that the staff would not return to work until they were given their six months of back pay.The strike includes all staff members including physicians, nurses, technicians and administrators. The hospital remains closed due to the strike.    ",4
2566,"Nutrition surveys undertaken in June 2017 in Turkana indicate a deepening nutritional crisis compared to 5 months ago, with 3 of the 4 sub counties reporting acute malnutrition of greater than 30% and severe acute malnutrition ranging from 6-12%.",8
4034,"The UN Human Rights Office on Friday published a report detailing allegations of massive destruction, killings and numerous other serious human rights violations committed between July 2015 and December 2016 in southeast Turkey, during Government security operations that have affected more than 30 towns and neighbourhoods and displaced between 355,000 and half a million people, mostly of Kurdish origin.",9
5393,"Concerns related to children have also increased slightly, and shifted from previous top priorities of safe houses and schools to top priorities of psycho-social support, food security and access to health care.",3
10953,"On 13 January, the Spokesperson of the UNHCR in Geneva expressed concern over the risks faced by  refugees and migrants in harsh winter weather in Europe, including reports that authorities of Balkan countries  continue to collectively expel them ",9
2275,"The future of the country is at stake with some 3.3 million children, pregnant and lactating women acutely malnourished. ",8
2732,"Food shortages in Moyale have “reached a crisis phase” as Kenyan host families have depleted their food supplies, Ali said in a statement forwarded to Bloomberg by Halake.  “There is no access to adequate health-care,” he said. “There is no water for household consumption and lack of water storage containers in addition to open disposal of human waste.”",11
10584,"According to MSWDO of Salvador, based on the report they received, a total of 323 residential houses we re fully damaged while 260 were partially damaged.  Out of 1,498 affected families, 1,132 families were temporarily sheltered to different available infrastr uctures within the barangay such as barangay hall, multi-purp ose building, day care center and Masjid.  In barangay Pagawayan, 29 families congested in the o ld barangay hall building located in the hilly port ion of the barangay. Other affected families whose houses were no t fully damaged already returned home but are still worried because of the news that another tropical sto rm will be coming.",10
8004,"Severe acute malnutrition rates are highest in the conflict affected areas in the north, exceeding 15 per cent in Timbuktu, while limited donor interest has made it harder to acquire the necessary amounts of therapeutic food, critical to curing malnourished children. ",3
4950,"In general, different population groups—non-displaced, internally displaced (IDPs), migrants and refugees—interact with markets in similar ways, frequenting the same shops and deriving commodities through the same channels.However, some access limitations were found, especially for non-Libyans (migrants and refugees) who are not eligible to access food subsidies and free insulin from the local authorities.",4
5712,"Post-truce conscription and detention were reported in 40% of all truce communities and mostly targeted young men and people perceived to have certain political affiliations. • Because the risks of conscription and detention were commonly reported at formal checkpoints, men’s access to services in nearby communities, most notably healthcare, remained severely limited. • Reprisals related to property were reported in 32% of assessed communities, and mostly affected people with perceived to have certain political affiliations",4
6104,"Epidemiology Unit, Ministry of Health: Dengue update, 01 August 2017During the last 07 month of the year 2017, 117743 suspected dengue cases have been reported to the Epidemiology Unit from all over the island. Latest Disease Trends  Approximately 44.95% of dengue cases were reported from the Western province. The highest numbers of dengue cases were reported during the 27 week of 2017. ",4
6288,"The shortage of food in Darfur, driven by drought and displacement, is exacerbated by frequent raids on farms by herders who allow their livestock to graze on farmers’ crops. A report released in December 2016 warns that parts of Sudan could become uninhabitable as a result of climate change. “North Africa is already hot and is strongly increasing in temperature. At some point in this century, part of the region will become uninhabitable,” Jos Lelieveld, a climate scientist from the Max Planck Institute for Chemistry, told CNN.",0
9989,"During the night of 15-16 August, a landslide swept through Tora, a fishing village on the banks of Lake Albert in north-eastern Ituri province. A rapid assessment conducted by provincial authorities and MONUSCO confirmed at least 150 dead under the rubble, the hospitalization of 8 seriously injured victims at Tchomia health center, and the destruction of 70 houses.",4
7055,"Shelter conditions and non-food items are deplorable. The displaced have often fled leaving all their belongings behind. Houses and fields were ransacked and looted during the conflict. People lack shelters and essential household items (blankets, mattresses, buckets, cooking utensils, soap, etc.). Housing conditions are often precarious and many houses have been abandoned with roofs in poor condition. Displaced women face daily violations of their rights. Many people have fled without extra clothes and basic items (hygiene etc.). Many women fled without their husbands, finding themselves alone with children, sometimes sleeping on the ground. The risk of sexual and gender-based violence is particularly high in the context of displacement. In addition, displaced women tend to be targeted by such violence every day, especially those with little or no income.",10
11169,"n. Well over one third of Syrian refugee households reported borderline to poor food consumption (38% in 2017, an increase of six percentage points over 2016), shrinking the proportion of households that had acceptable food consumption with the use of food-related coping strategies. Dietary diversity also deteriorated: 21% of households reported low dietary diversity (compared to 14% in 2016) and only 18% reported high dietary diversity (compared to 23% in 2016). Infant and young child feeding practices also worsened, with declines in the share of exclusively breastfed infants under the age of six months, and both insufficient complementary feedings and a significant worsening of dietary diversity for children aged 6-23 months.",8
9994,"Additionally, Nertiti’s hospital faces gaps in medicines, including oral and intravenous rehydration solutions, which are needed in the treatment of AWD. The hospital also lacks an isolation ward, has staffing shortages—withjust two physicians and two nurses currently on board—and lacks proper health administration and hospital management staff.In Zalingei hospital, there are several sanitation issues, including lack of latrines and evidence of improper solid waste management, increasing the risk of vector-borne diseases, including AWD, spreading more quickly.",4
7908,"Health needs are reported to be on the rise. The heavy rains and floods have compounded the ongoing cholera outbreak and chikungunya epidemic and increased the risk of these diseases spreading. Since the beginning of 2018, cholera has been reported in fifteen counties in Kenya, with five counties still having active cholera transmission. A total of 2,943 cholera cases, including 55 deaths (Case Fatality Rate (CFR) 1.9%), had been reported by the end of April. Historically, flooding has exacerbated cholera outbreaks and heightened the risk of vector borne diseases, including malaria, chikungunya and dengue fever. In addition the Ministry of Health has reported circulation of polio virus , and the planned measles vaccination campaign in Wajir, Mandera and Garissa might be impacted due to access issues caused by the floods.  ",4
7195,“Waiting for a formal declaration of famine is not good enough. People are already starving and desperate. A woman in Pibor said that her family have resorted to cooking grasses and weeds that are making them sick – but that they have no choice if they want to survive.”,4
11447,"More than 10,000 residents of two districts in Wonogiri, Central Java, are suffering from a severe food crisis due to prolonged drought in the areas.  Although the rainy season in the regency has begun, rain has not yet fallen in the districts of Kismantoro and Paranggupito since June.The total number of Wonogiri residents who suffer from food shortages has reached 10,780, comprising 2,695 households.",3
3029,"According to the Integrated Phase Classification (IPC) for Acute Malnutrition conducted in February 2017, Turkana North, North Horr in Marsabit and Mandera counties reported a Very Critical Nutrition situation (phase 5; Global Acute Malnutrition ?30 per cent). A Critical Nutrition Situation (Phase 4; Global Acute Malnutrition 15.0 - 29.9 per cent) was reported in East Pokot in Baringo County, Isiolo and Turkana South, West and Central. Tana River county reported a Serious Nutrition Situation (Global Acute Malnutrition 10.0 -14.9 per cent) while Tharaka Nithi was in Phase 2 (alert Global Acute Malnutrition ? 5 to 9.9 per cent). Finally Kitui and Kilifi were in Phase 1 (acceptable Global Acute Malnutrition",8
52,"In Madagascar, despite rich biodiversity and diverse agricultural products, 76 per cent of the population fall below the minimum dietary energy requirements of 2,133 kcals per day. The prevalence of chronic malnutrition among children under five years of age is among the highest in the world while the prevalence of poverty in rural areas is above 80 per cent. Limited investment in agriculture and in rural areas are among the chief causes of poverty and food and nutrition insecurity in Madagascar.",0
10292," An estimated 564,000 people need nutrition assistance of the new and previous arrivals and host community. ? 240,000 children need nutritional support ? 120,000 Pregnant and Lactating Women need nutrition support. ? 204,000 adolescent girls need nutritional support",8
2657,"A local militia linked to a customary chief, Kamuina Nsapu, who was killed by the DRC armed forces in August 2016 has been increasingly active in Kasai Central Province, mostly attacking government buildings and churches. The militia also reportedly recruits and uses children.",9
2556,"The displaced population, particularly those who are in host communities (95 percent), continue to be faced with mounting protection concerns such as the unrecognition of informal settlements, congestion in the evacuation centers, reported cases of acute diarrhea among children, lack of identification, lack of prioritization of persons with specific needs in the relief assistance, and the lack of information dissemination strategy for the internally displaced persons (IDPs), among others.",9
3249,"A Deteriorating Crisis Despite the Kenyan government declaring an emergency in February 2017, and calling on the international community for financial assistance, Kenya is still experiencing an 81% gap in funding required for the UN appeal to respond to emergency needs. The crisis has also put pressure on key development sectors, including education; schools in the Arid and Semi Arid Areas (ASALs) are either closed or attendance is plummeting due to a lack of school meals being provided, as well as water shortages. Some schools are also experiencing an influx of displaced people fleeing drought, conflict or floods.  ",3
11192,"Crimean-Congo haemorrhagic fever: As of 31 January 2018, six cases have been reported (2 confirmed, 1 probable, and 3 suspected). The probable and suspected cases tested negative for CCHF, Ebola, Marburg, Sosuga and Rift Valley fever viruses at the UVRI laboratory and are now considered non-cases. As of 31 January 2018, 32 contacts including 19 health workers were under follow up and 56 contacts had completed follow up. This is the third outbreak of CCHF reported in Nakaseke district since 2015. This outbreak is occurring in an area described as a ‘cattle corridor’, which covers 52 districts cutting across the centre of the country from southwest to northeast. The uncontrolled movement of animals across the cattle corridor and inadequate tick control due to widespread resistance to acaricides (anti-tick chemicals) are key risk factors for the spread of this outbreak to new areas. Integrated control measures that address both human and animal health are therefore needed to bring this outbreak to a close. ",4
8175,"In Kenya, 22 suspected cholera cases (10 confirmed) have been reported in Tana River County and Dadaab Camp. The total caseload of cholera cases is now 286. In addition, 27 AWD cases and a salmonella outbreak affecting 105 people (CFR 1.9%), have been reported in Lamu County. Dagahaley camp also experienced a measles outbreak with 5 confirmed cases and no deaths.",4
6025,"Following the closure of the dialysis department of the AlThawrah Hospital in Taizz city, Al-Jamhoury hospital may also be forced to close its dialysis department due to lack of supplies.",4
847,"Alarm as 21m livestock face starvation Dar es Salaam. As the drought scare continues in several parts of the country, the meteorological agency has revealed areas that received below average rainfall between October and December, further raising concern with regard to the survival of over 21 million livestock due to shortage of pasture and water.",5
11508,"Conflicts in Chad's neighbouring countries have led to an influx of 409 000 refugees and asylum-seekers; however, as Chad is one of the poorest countries in the world, its capacity to care for these vulnerable groups is extremely limited.",1
6601,"The total number of ocially reported WPV1 cases in Pakistan in 2018 is one. The most recent case  (by date of onset) occurred in Dukki district, Balochistan province, with onset of paralysis on 8 March. One new WPV1 positive environmental sample has been reported this week, collected in Jacobabad district, Sindh province, on 7 March. Supplementary immunization days are currently ongoing, during which vaccinators aim to vaccinate children across eight provinces using bOPV.",4
5400,"A recent spike at the beginning of 2017 saw over 4,500 refugees crossing the Eritrea-Ethiopia border and in urgent need of humanitarian assistance.As 150–200 refugees arrive daily at the Endabaguna screening centre, IOM will continue to work in close coordination with ARRA, UNHCR and partners to ensure refugees are supported with transport to safely reach the refugee camps.",7
2497,The migrant movements in the north of Niger during the month of December are evolving in a context of tighter control of transporters who might facilitate passage of migrants into Libya. Trends of migrant flows thus continue to be lower than they were in the period from May to September with less than 15 000 migrants observed passing through the flow monitoring points during the reporting month.,9
294, Heavy and persistent rainfall has destroyed several houses and hectares of crops in Dedza,10
8083,"The World Food Programme (WFP) has set aside $72 million to fight hunger and boost food nutrition in Zimbabwe in 2018, representative and country director Eddie Rowe said Wednesday. The funds are coming under the UN agency’s $255 million five-year country strategic plan (CSP) it jointly launched with the Zimbabwe government in 2017. At least $53 million was budgeted for 2017. ",3
820,"The condition of the health facilities infrastructure has been assessed at three levels: fully damaged: major damage requiring complete reconstruction, partially damaged: requiring substantial to large scale repair, and not damaged, 25% (101) health facilities were reported damaged [1% fully damaged and 24% partially damaged], 59% (239) were reported intact, while 16% (63) of health facilities were not relevant to evaluate",4
5808,"The men confirmed that borrowing is common in the camp, but that it is overly in food terms. They said that they rarely lend each other money in the camp as money is difficult to come by. ",3
5873,"? Now a year since the outbreak of cholera on 27 April 2017, the cumulative total of suspected cholera cases reported since 27 April has reached 1,094,061 as of 29 April 2018, with 2,277 associated deaths across the country. Children under 5 years old continue to represent 28.8 per cent of total suspected caseload. Although the attack rate continues to decline for the 32nd week, UNICEF is preparing for a roll-out of the Oral Cholera Vaccine in April.",4
1485,118 cases including 3 deaths of influenza-like illness,4
4198,"The assessment has identified a total of 179,043 people to be in IPC Phase 3 (crisis) and Phase 4 (emergency) during the period July-September 2017 and therefore in need of humanitarian assistance. Moreover, the assessment projected a total of 224,664 people in rural areas and 82,278 people in urban areas to be in IPC Phase 3 and Phase 4 in the period October 2017-March 2018, due to the expected lean season and the concurrent potential rise in staple prices",3
8565,"A joint mission to Yakoma and sorroundings (Yakoma territory, Nord-Ubangi province), was carried out on on 17 – 19 May 2017 together with local authorities, police and the army. Asylum seekers were hosted with local families and in abandoned hangars but they had insufficient access to water, sanitation, health care, food.",11
8353,"Since the first cholera case of the 2016/2017 outbreak was confirmed on 18 June 2016 in Juba, 5,780 cases including 143 deaths (65 from health facilities and 78 from the community; case fatality rate 2.47 per cent) have been reported from 14 counties. Transmission has persisted throughout the dry season, something which is highly unusual. The probable risk factors fueling transmission among others include usage of untreated water from the river Nile and water tankers; lack of household chlorination of drinking water; eating food from unregulated roadside food vendors or makeshift markets; and open defecation/poor latrine use, especially following the conflict. These factors are being amplified by the economic crisis and restricted humanitarian access, particularly in the counties of southern Unity. ",3
9438,"- The unpaid teacher salaries continues to hamper the reopening of schools in the re-taken areas in Eastern Mosul.  - Insufficient number of textbooks available for formal learning, as the Federal MoE does not have enough.  -Limited funding has stalled the scaling up of the response into the non-camp sites where some children have been out of school for close to 2 years",2
2119,"Polio programme seems to be failing in wiping out the polio virus as a third case surfaced in Balochistan during the five months of this year.As compared to 2017 at the same point in time, only two polio cases were reported from across the country which means that instead of a decrease, there appears 50 per cent increase in polio cases on a year-on-year basis, an official of the ministry of national health services told Dawn while requesting anonymity. ",4
297,"Hundreds of people trapped in the southern Philippines city of Marawi are on the verge of starvation after four weeks of fighting between the army and Islamist militants.  “They have been saying that they are already starting to eat cardboard boxes just to stop hunger,” said Maurico Civiles of the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council. “They may die of starvation and lack of drinkable water.”",3
2882,The UNHCR says all registered refugees will be repatriated to their country in April and May. Around 1.3 million registered and a million undocumented refugees are living in Pakistan.,9
8530,"An outbreak of dengue was declared in the Solomons on 8 October last year, and so far the total number of suspected cases is almost 7,500, mostly concentrated in Honiara.",4
2066,"Precipitation received during the early part of the wet season through December 17th has been below average, particularly across the north and northeast (Figure 3). The weak start of the wet season delayed planting of winter wheat in most areas. As of mid-December, the planting process was not yet complete in many areas, as in a typical year.   Second-season (autumn) crops have generally been reported with near-normal production and market demand. These crops are mostly harvested in October and November and include maize, rice, potato, and sesame, as well as many vegetables, fruits, and other orchard crops such as almonds and walnuts.   Conflict and civil insecurity have caused the displacement of more than one million people over the past two years, and have disrupted livelihoods activities for many more. Areas of greatest concern for conflict-related food insecurity include Nangarhar, Hilmand, Farah, Faryab, Badghis, Sari Pul, Kunduz, Badakhshan , and Zabul Provinces, where control measures on the movement of people and goods are limiting the ability of households to maintain their normal livelihood activities.   Populations in need of urgent humanitarian assistance are present throughout the country, due primarily to the impact of conflict and weak labor opportunities. Most areas are expected to remain Stressed (IPC Phase 2) through at least May 2017, with an increasing number of people facing Crisis (IPC Phase 3) or worse outcomes from now through March 2018. The number of people facing Crisis (IPC Phase 3) or worse outcomes during the 2018 lean season is expected to be higher than in 2017.  ",3
3453,"District Commissioner, Rodney Simwaka said the damage and the displacement is huge than expected and difficult for the council to handle alone.",10
5440,"Multiple sources reported to Radio Dabanga from Golo, Keranja, Ultra, Rokorwa, and Nierteti that dozens of children, women, and elderly people died of fever last week, the source of which has not yet been identified. ",4
8293,"WFP’s ability to maintain assistance to refugees, asylum seekers and the vulnerable local populations in drought-affected and urban areas continues to be undermined by limited funding.",3
5046,"An estimated 175,000 people have no access to safe potable water due to contamination of wells and water-sources, with indications that water-borne diseases such as diarrhoea are on the rise. ",4
9639,"The Minister of the Displaced People Affairs, Yousif Jalala, said he authorized service companies to start working on preparing Tawergha city before the time is due for the IDPs to return in February. Jalala told the press that his ministry is working on getting the needed services done such as water and electricity networks, service works at the schools and the like by the end of January.",7
4177,The Jalawe Bridge which is along M1 road in Rumphi has been damaged again barely 2 days after it was renovated by the Malawi Defence Force.,1
10831,"49 unaccompanied and separated children were registered. For children of school age, UNHCR and its partners are working with local education officials for their enrolment.",9
2380,"As of 12:52 hours, 30 May 2017, The Indonesian Disaster Management Authority (BNPB) reported that there are 5 person heavily injured, 16 person lightly injured and 170 people evacuated as a result of this earthquake. A total of 164 houses heavily damaged and 86 houses lightly damaged in Poso and Sigi areas. Additionally 25 public facility buildings were damaged due to this earthquake; (Source: Pusdalops of BNPB)",10
6310,"Children have been severely affected. There are reports of unaccompanied and separated children due to the floods and heightened protection risks for women and girls. It is estimated that about 18,725 children (55 per cent girls) will require support to ensure their safety and psychosocial well-being. Data gathered from the SMS-based education surveys supported by UNICEF and conducted by Ministry of Education and the Education in Emergencies working group indicates that over 739 schools have closed temporarily due to floods, disrupting learning for more than 100,000 children (44 per cent girls), of which 448 report extensive infrastructure damage (especially classrooms and latrines), and 329 are hosting displaced persons.  ",4
9154,"Almost 36,500 returnees and persons affected by communal clashes in Adamawa, Plateau, Kaduna and Benue received ICRC support to rebuild their houses.",1
8017,"An Iraqi court has sentenced at least 15 Turkish women to death by hanging, after they were found guilty of joining the Islamic State group (IS).  Some reports say 16 women were handed the death penalty, while others say one was jailed for life.  The women confessed to marrying IS fighters or providing the group 'with logistical aid or helping them carry out terrorist attacks', the judge said.",9
1929,. Inconsistent rainfall and dry spells since late December have led to large moisture deficits and deteriorating ground conditions across many parts of western Angola. ,0
406,"Bahrain police raid targets Shia cleric’s supportersPolice in Bahrain carried out a dawn raid Thursday against supporters of a Shia cleric on trial in the Sunni-ruled kingdom during which one man was shot and wounded, witnesses said. ",9
5426,"African migrants who arrive on Yemen’s shores –that’s if they are not forced into the sea to drown—risk to fall in the hands of criminal networks who hold them captive for several days to extort money in exchange for their “freedom,” according to UN sources.During captivity, the migrants are “horribly treated – beaten, starved, sexually violated, chained to the ground” so they are willing to pay, confirmed to IPS Chissey Mueller, from the International Organization for Migration’s Mission in Yemen.",9
5300,"315,462 displacement sites identified in September (only those with established CCCM). More than 1 million people are displaced throughout Somalia and in need of CCCM interventions. • The cluster will prioritize the regions with the highest levels of displacement such as Bay (Baidoa), Banadir (Mogadishu), Mudug (Gaalkacyo) and Jubbaland (Kismayo), with the possibility of expansion to Somaliland and Puntland if needed. The immediate needs in IDP settlements include water, emergency shelter, sanitation facilities, food, and nutrition. More people continue to be displaced, as the drought situation remains prolonged.",10
2608,"Given the increased influx of South Sudanese refugees and Sudanese returnees from South Sudan to neighboring states of Sudan, the continued restricted access to SPLM-N controlled areas and the high needs of new IDPs in Darfur, more households in the conflict- affected areas will be unable to meet their basic food needs between April and September 2017. Assistance needs will likely be above- average in SPLM-N controlled areas of South Kordofan and areas hosting IDPs and conflict-affected households in Jabal Marra in Darfur, where food insecurity among IDPs and poor residents has already deteriorated to Crisis (IPC Phase 3) during March/April, and is likely to deteriorate to Emergency (IPC Phase 4) by May/June through September 2017 due to displacement, and restrictions on movement, trade, and free access to livelihood activities. IDPs and poor households in SPLM-N controlled areas of Blue Nile states, and poor residents households in the arid in Kassala and Red Sea states and some conflict-affected affected areas in North Darfur, continued to face Stressed (IPC Phase 2) outcomes during March/April, while the situation is likely to deteriorate to Crisis (IPC Phase 3) by May/June through September 2017 due to the continued earlier than anticipated increases of the already high staple food prices. ",3
657,"In Eritrea, where the vast majority of livelihoods depend on subsistence agriculture and pastoralism, 80 per cent of the population is vulnerable to recurrent drought.",3
8916,"??Supply and availability of food commodities further improved in many governorates in August 2017. Better food availability during the past few months is attributed to the good level of imports during the first half of the year. However, availability of fuel remained unchanged or deteriorated from previous month.",3
4479,"Planting of the 2017 main season maize crops, due for harvest from July, will begin in March. In the Central African Republic, agricultural activities continue to be hampered by the widespread conflict which resulted in massive population displacements, caused input shortages and depleted households’ productive assets that were already inadequate. Although the security situation has improved in some areas and FAO will continue to assist crisis-affected households through input distributions and resilience strengthening programmes, prospects remain uncertain for the 2017 crops.",3
9009,"Four members of the Shia Hazara community, among them a 12-year-old boy, were killed and two others injured in an attack in Kuchlak, a town some 30km northwest of here, on Sunday.",9
11635,Over thousands were killed due to heat strokes in June 2015. Though the government was planning to shower artificial rains – that too after the ‘specific’ clouds could make it to the sky – there was no natural or artificial raining and respite to the killing heat till filing this news report.,4
7305,"Food availability and access continue to be severely constrained by the widespread and protracted conflict, large-scale displacements, high food prices, market disruptions, macro-economic collapse and exhaustion of households’ coping mechanisms. An earlier-than-normal start of the lean season, due to the reduced 2017 crop production, resulted in an increase of the food insecure caseload (IPC Phases 3, 4 and 5), from 4.8 million people at the end of 2017 to 6.33 million in the February-April 2018 period. The current caseload is estimated in absence of humanitarian assistance and it represents about 57 percent of the total population, almost 30 percent more than in the corresponding period of the previous year. Great concern exists for the 50 000 people estimated to face IPC Phase 5: “Catastrophe” food insecurity conditions in Ayod, Nyirol and Urol counties in the former Jonglei State and in Leer, Mayendit and Panyijiar counties in the former Unity State. At the peak of the lean season, from May to July 2018, a further deterioration in the food security situation is anticipated, reaching the record level of 7.1 million severely food insecure people.",3
9931,"Food and Nutrition Assistance: In consultation with affected communities, WFP uses the cash-based transfer (CBT) modality as opposed to in-kind food distributions when it is most appropriate. This includes the fulfilment of keyindicators – market analysis, access, security, cash liquidity, gender and protection analysis, etc. During the April cycle, 209,214 Iraqis received CBTs through the SCOPE platform.  In April, WFP provided Family Food Rations (FFRs) to 349,748 people in eight governorates of Iraq, and Immediate Response Rations (IRR) to 142,780 people as a top up of the monthly rations. In April 2018, WFP continued the Government-funded school feeding programme in Western Mosul.",3
2331,"Priority needs include shelter, non-food and food items, medical supplies,as well as water, sanitation and hygiene supplies",4
11573,"“If government fails to recapture districts under the control of the Taliban, I think that more districts will fall to the Taliban next spring,” said senator Hashim Alokozai.",9
555,"The fact that Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu are in the grip of a severe drought has somehow not received the national attention it deserves. Both the south-west and north-east monsoons have failed these States, raising fears of farm distress. ",0
4174,"Continuing violence in the Northwest of Central African Republic (CAR) has caused an influx of more than 6 000 people in Southern Chad since 30 March 2018. This influx adds up to the 22 500 refugees registered since December 2017 and to the 71 000 refugees who have arrived in previous years. An emergency humanitarian response is being put in place, however, important gaps remain in terms of protection, health, water and sanitation and shelter.",4
11923,"More 2,500 rai of farmlands in Chai Nat province are now flooded as three districts have been declared assistance-needed zones.Homes and farmlands in Rai Pattana, Hang Num Sakhon, U-Tapao, Ban Chian, Kabok Tia, Suk Duen Ha and Nern Kham sub-districts have been submerged under water for months.According to a local government official, Sukchai Jarienprasert, farmers who previously registered with the Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives will be the first group to receive financial assistance.  For one rai of flooded rice paddy, they will receive 1,113 baht in compensation. Farmers of other crops will receive 1,148 baht per rai while fruit and vegetable growers will receive 1,690 baht per rai.",5
9572,"d On several occasions on 27 April and 5 May, Israeli forces launched multiple airstrikes and fired shells into Gaza, reportedly targeting military sites, resulting in damage but no injuries.",10
10131,"Locally produced Cereals: The January 2017 average prices of barley rose by 3.02 % and less than 2% for maize and millet compared to December 2016. Similarly, the monthly average prices of the locally produced cereals in January 2017 recorded 15% and 2 % below its levels for sorghum and barley and 1% above its levels for maize in the corresponding month last year",3
10890,"the 2017 Gu (April – June) seasonal rains were poor and below normal across Somalia. Consequently, drought conditions are worsening and are now likely to continue into the coming Deyr season in October ",3
9392,"Today (13th March 2018, at 11:45 am Kiev time) a KAMAZ truck on its way back from Donetsk Filter Station (DFS) after delivering of Sodium Hypochlorite (a chemical used in water treatment) was fired upon by small arms, about 100 metres outside main entrance of the DFS. Only by chance none of the bullets hit the truck, and the driver sped up to get away from the firing and to get further away from the Line of Contact as quickly as possible. Later today (at 2pm Kiev time) the bus carrying 30 workers home from the DFS was also fired upon in the same location. Again luckily so far no-one was injured. The bus sustained bullet damage to windows.",11
3733," As of 8 p.m. (1700 GMT) five people had been confirmed killed and seven injured, the national office of risk management said. An estimated 22,000 people were either displaced or had their property damaged by what was one of Madagascar's worst storms in years.",7
1410,"One in five households have adopted coping mechanisms that had a negative impact on their livelihoods. This includes coping strategies classified into three severity categories: stress (26.3%), crisis (18.1%) and emergency (2.9%). The top three most adopted coping strategies were as follows: 33.7% of households spent savings (classified as stress), 18.2% borrowed money/food (classified as stress) and 12% reduced expenses on health and education (classified as crisis).",5
2794,"Prices of maize and beans remained at low levels in June  Reflecting the 2016 bumper maize crop and the good prospects for the 2017 first season crop, to be harvested from late August, prices continued their declining trend from the previous months in June and were some 37 percent below their level from a year earlier. Prices of red beans, the main staple, were stable in June after increasing the previous month, mainly reflecting imports. Prices, however, remained below their level from a year earlier.",3
2241,"As reported yesterday by Radio Dabanga, the Central Committee of Sudanese Doctors say that more than 300 people have been infected with acute watery diarrhoea in the states Red Sea, Khartoum and El Gezira during the past few days. The doctors suspect the infections to be cholera.",4
3304,"livestock, food access, and nutrition levels low in border areas with Kenya and Ethiopia.85% of livestock from cross-border areas are on the move. Insecurity is increasing as tensions rise over access to natural resources.",8
3107,"Since the beginning of 2017, Pakistan reported a total of 2,199 laboratory confirmed cases of dengue fever in seven provinces (Please see the table). The highest number of cases– a total of 1,279 laboratory-confirmed cases was reported from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. The first few cases were reported in the province during the epi week 26. Lately, during the epi week of 35, high number of laboratory confirmed cases were reported.  The highest affected age group with dengue virus in KPK province is the age group of 25-64 with 668 reported cases (52.22%), followed by the age group of 15-24 with 371 reported cases (29.04%).A total of 199 cases were reported amongst the age group of 0-14 (15.53%) and the least affected age group was 65+ with 41 reported cases (3.2%).",4
4219,"Over 283,000 people have been internally displaced from Mosul and surrounding areas since the military operations began on 17 October. The operation to retake west Mosul, which started on 19 February, has already displaced 57,000 people.An estimated 68,000 internally displaced persons (IDPs) have returned to their places of origin in and around Mosul.",9
747,The predicted above-average rainfalls and difficult lean season in 2018 could also intensify nutrition-related vulnerabilities such as increased incidence of malaria and water-borne diseases,4
3491,"rian refugee families living in host communities in Jordan .4 out of 10 Syrian families are food insecure, meaning they do not have enough food for an adequate diet, with an additional 26 per cent vulnerable to becoming food insecure; There were examples of parents skipping meals to allow their children to sufficiently eat. Vulnerable Syrian families are increasingly forced into negative coping mechanisms ",3
4687,"Results from 15 integrated surveys conducted by FSNAU in June and July 2017 across Somalia indicate significant populations in Crisis (IPC Phase 3) and Emergency (IPC Phase 4) Phases (Table 1). Accordingly, Mogadishu IDPs, BaidoaIDPs, Dhusamareb IDPs and Dollow IDPs are classified as Emergency (IPC Phase 4). There have been significant influx of newly displaced people into IDP settlements in Baidoa and Mogadishu, and most are now highly reliant on humanitarian assistance and have few employment opportunities. Most of the remaining IDP settlements and the two urban areas are classified as Crisis (IPC 3).",3
11022,"But psychological support for children and their parents is chronically underfunded, with programme needs for 2017 so far just 2% funded.[1] The total UN Humanitarian Response Plan for this year has less than half the funding it needs.",4
2222,"On 3 October - and following several failed attempts over the past few weeks - a ceasefire was agreed between militias fighting for the control of Sabrata, a strategic departing point for asylum seekers and migrants. Fierce fighting with heavy weapons and artillery in the centre of this populated coastal city has caused the death of dozens of civilians and injuries. It has also entailed severe destructions and the displacement of at least 15 100 people. Tension remains high and the situation difficult. (aid organizations have provided emergency medical and surgical supplies to hospitals and distributed food rations and non-food items to 1 200 displaced families)",3
4552,"Nakhon Si Thammarat province is the most severely hit by the flooding, where rainfall has been measured as high as 700 milimetres in Maung district and over 400 milimetres in other districts.",1
718,"Since 2015 the country has faced an outbreak of malaria, with nearly 16.8 million cases and over 7,800 deaths reported over nearly three years. By 2016, the epidemic threshold had been surpassed, and the number of affected provinces continued to increase. As a result, the Government of Burundi declared the malaria epidemic in March. ",4
5479,"In other words, even though goods, such as food or medicine, are allowed to be exported to Syria, transactions necessary for the delivery of said goods could still breach US sanctions.  ",3
9937,"Food security in Blue Nile was substantially worse than South Kordofan. In the same FSMU July assessment southern Kurmuk had a total of 39% of households severely food insecure, compared to 14% in South Kordofan.4 This is a dramatic increase from before the recent conflict, with a 144% increase in the number of households since April. This increase is substantially higher than would be expected from seasonal norms.",4
11700,"Land values have increased significantly as both relative stability and business opportunity return to Mogadishu. Displaced people – some squatting in what were once abandoned districts but are now some of the most desirable real estate and commercial locations – find themselves extremely vulnerable.“Land is a contentious issue here and always has been,” Justin Brady, the head of OCHA in Somalia, told IRIN. “The idea that we will get prime land in the middle of the city that internally displaced people can live on is unrealistic, and the fact that they are getting pushed further and further outside the city is concerning.”",9
766,"Based on the above analysis, the major logistics constraints limiting humanitarian operations in Cox’s Bazar District currently are: • A lack of available storage capacity; • Congestion along road infrastructure leading to refugee settlements and makeshift sites; • Poor and insufficient vehicle access within refugee settlements and makeshift sites; • Minimal availability of logistics facilities, assets and infrastructure capable of remaining fully functional throughout the up-coming storms and rainy season (from April to December 2018).",6
11326,"Skirmishes continue to the west of Haditha, in Anbar province. Concomitantly, in the last three weeks, additional 4 000 people from ISIL controlled areas of Ana, Qa’im and Ru’ua districts have been displaced, following desert routes and reaching displacement sites in Ruttba and Ramadi districts. Authorities predict displacement of up to 70 000 people in a worst case scenario.",7
166,"isumu health officials fear patients with HIV and TB might default on treatment following the flash floods which have displaced hundreds of families.Health executive Rosemary Obara said cases of default on treatment are likely to be reported. The county government said residents of Nyando, Muhoroni, Nyakach and Kisumu East were the most affected after River Nyando burst its banks following heavy rains.Health facilities have also been flooded, making it difficult for residents to access the services.“Locals have moved out of their homes, risking their lives. High incidents of diarrhoea, malaria, coughs and cold, pneumonia and malnutrition are likely to be witnessed,” she said.Other health programmes affected by floods are immunisation for children and family planning visits.Malaria prevalence in Kisumu is about 20 per cent, down from 35 per cent. Meanwhile, HIV prevalence stands at 19.4 per cent, against the national index of six per cent.To mitigate any disease outbreaks, a team of health providers have been dispatched to the affected areas. “We have distributed water treatment chemicals and needed drugs to families affected,” Obara said. She called for a joint effort to mitigate the effects of floods.",4
10201,"More than 1.1 million people have been affected, including 155,000 displaced. Of the affected population, some 309,000 are boys, girls and adolescences.  • With 29 per cent of the affected population, he Department of Piura is bearing the brunt of the floods and mudslides.  • Some of the most pressing needs are related to WASH, Health, Food Security and Shelter sectors.  • Although the majority of displaced people are with host families, some 22,500 people have moved to 135 official temporary shelters in nine departments.",5
5717,"The number of people in need of food assistance is estimated at 0.4 million, with refugees, asylum seekers and internally-displaced among the most vulnerable.",3
10697,"Meanwhile, there has been an overall decline in cholera trend across the country since attaining a peak of 2 072 cases in week 37 (week ending 17 September 2017). In week 52, 888 new cholera cases including 19 deaths (case fatality rate 2.1%) were reported. In 2017, a cumulative total of 55 000 suspected cholera cases were reported and 1 190 deaths (case fatality rate 2.2%) have occurred in the country. To date, Kinshasa, South Kivu and North Kivu are the major hotspots with enhanced cholera transmission.",4
10877,"• There is a cluster of sites close to Ar-Raqqa city, which primarily consists of people from Ar-Raqqa city and nearby villages living in makeshift shelters and tents, either in buildings in villages or in open spaces outside village centres. There are also large numbers of people staying with host communities.",10
9665,"Routine vaccination rates are reported to be very low in northern Rakhine (e.g. <70% coverage against measles 1 or 2), a reflection of a higher risk of outbreaks from expanded program on immunizationassociated diseases. • Sub-optimal hygiene, water and sanitation, and shelter, increases risk of water-borne and vector-borne diseases, while reproductive health remains a major public health issue. • Cholera is known to be endemic in Bangladesh2 and the risk of cholera epidemic among refugees can be considered high. • Traumatic injuries and gender based violence are being reported. • There is concern for nutritional status of younger children.",11
10265,"The nutrition situation in South Sudan remains critical, despite the conclusion of the May-to-August lean season, the UN Children’s Fund (UNICEF) reports. Nutrition surveys conducted in July, the peak of the lean season, found that global acute malnutrition (GAM) levels exceeded the UN World Health Organization (WHO) emergency threshold of 15 percent in eight of nine assessed states. GAM levels were approximately 23 percent in Unity—the highest of the assessed states. From July to August, UNICEF and implementing partners screened more than 270,000 children younger than five years of age across South Sudan for acute malnutrition, identifying approximately 28,200 facing moderate acute malnutrition and 8,900 children experiencing severe acute malnutrition (SAM). As of August 31, nearly 119,000 children in South Sudan had received treatment for acute malnutrition through outpatient therapeutic programs and at stabilization centers, the UN agency reports.",8
10718,"Tomas said that many of the 47 deaths were caused by lightning strikes, adding that the INGC and its partners have recommended a study into why so many people were being killed by lightning.",4
2926,"Over 17,000 children are estimated to have been recruited by armed actors in South Sudan, and there are continued reports of forced recruitment by all parties to the conflict, including most recently in Unity",9
9153,"The Dollo Somali region of Ethiopia borders Somalia and Kenya. Due to its proximity to the Somali border, it has received refugees who fled Somalia due to war related persecution during 2009 and 2010 while refugees due to drought related reasons crossed into Ethiopia during 2012 and 2013. The state of Ethiopia is signatory to the 1951 UN convention. The state department ARRA and UNHCR Sub Office in Melkadida undertakes joint registration of refugees in the Dollo region. There are five camps in the region namely Melkadida, Buramino, Hilaweyn, Kobe and Bokolmayo, as shown in the Fig 1.   Fig. 1   The combined registered population of all the camps is 210,930 individuals (98,248 M and 112,682 F) comprising 39,123 households. The main areas of origin for these refugees include Gedo, Bay and Bakol. Majority of the refugees are Muslims of Sunni denomination.   ARRA, UNHCR and partners are providing basic needs and services to the refugees living in camps since their onset. In order to plan for different sectoral interventions and also use consultative approach for prioritization of interventions, ARRA, UNHCR and partners undertake annual   8    consultations through PA. These discussions provide qualitative information such as issues concerning refugees, their perspectives and suggestions. In 2016, PA was conducted with the support of 17 organizations. In order to complement the findings of the PA, the quantitative data from different assessments such as education assessment2, HIS3 (Health Information System) and other sources such as registration data by UNHCR, return intention survey data were also used for the purposes of analysis in this report.  ",1
8934,"evaluating the humanitarian situation was a key focus of a recent inter-Agency Humanitarian Assessment mission to Rockero, North Jebel Marra locality, Central Darfur.It is estimated that more than 43,000 households of internally displaced persons and returnees are living in the locality. Community leaders described the humanitarian situation as very difficult and identified priorities humanitarian ne3eAdam Al Noor, the Commissioner of North Jebel Marra locality, identified a need for capacity-building training workshops for the local community.d",1
5853,"Human Rights Watch documented seven cases since May in which the coalition arbitrarily diverted or delayed fuel tankers headed for ports under Houthi-Saleh control. In one case, the coalition held a ship carrying fuel in a Saudi port for more than five months and had not responded to the shipping company’s requests for an explanation. The oil cargo had to be unloaded in a Saudi port without compensation and crew members needing medical treatment could not leave the ship.",1
3026,"Since November 2016, the effects of prolonged dry conditions combined with erratic rainfall has impacted on the general food security in Karamoja and the neighboring Teso region. In Teso, Busoga and East Central regions of Ugandawhere there are two rainy seasons in a year, poor households experienced two consecutive seasons of below average production. Household food stocks were depleted in January, four months earlier than normal. Many are engaged in casual labor opportunities and are selling additional livestock to fund food purchases, but face typically high food prices. Poor households are able to minimally meet their basic food needs, however they lack income to afford essential non-food needs and are under stress.",3
11943,"With as little as one-quarter of expected rainfall received, widespread drought conditions in the Horn of Africa have intensified since the failure of the October-December rains, FAO said today.  FAO estimates that over 17 million people are currently in crisis and emergency food insecurity levels in member-countries of the Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD), namely Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan and Uganda, which are in need of urgent humanitarian assistance.",1
6184,"Six months into the military operation to retake Mosul City from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), civilians continue to have significant humanitarian needs. These needs are most severe among displaced families, both in and out of camps, and vulnerable residents in newly accessible areas.  On 19 February, Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) resumed military operations to retake western Mosul from ISIL. The humanitarian impact has been significant. Since the new offensive began, approximately 330,000 people from west Mosul have been displaced to camps and emergency sites as of 18 April, according to the Government of Iraq.",1
9023,"Healthcare provision for almost 700,000 who live in the region is limited to 22 facilities across 7 districts. Areas of two districts of Aden Yabal and Runirgod are inaccessible in parts due to insecurity. Parts of other districts including Warsheikh and Adale are accessible, yet underserved in terms of numbers of functioning health facilities. Where clinics are open, quality of service delivery is a major concern. This is due to a wide range of factors including availability of supplies and human resources. A total of 12 IERTs are being operated in the region to extend services to remote or underserved populations. Population movement into towns e.g. Jowhar and Bal’ad continues to be driven by the drought. Cases of cholera have declined significantly with only the Jowhar CTC still open, whilst no outbreaks of cholera in new areas have been reported during July. Diarrheal diseases, malnutrition and measles continue to account for much morbidity and mortality, especially amongst children whilst large numbers of measles cases continue to be reported.",4
8324,"Those who have settled in these areas have very little to survive on. For weeks, they have only received an average of two litres of clean water each. Although this has improved slightly in recent days, the amount is still below guidelines for what is required to remain healthy in an emergency environment.Among the families MSF has visited, over 90 per cent were lacking basic supplies such as plastic sheeting to protect them against the sun or the cold at night, jerry cans to collect clean water, or cooking pots.“Our doctors see many cases of respiratory infection and of acute diarrhoea which is partly explained by the terrible living conditions. Children, pregnant women and the elderly are especially vulnerable in this situation,” says Abdalla. “If more latrines are not constructed soon, and access to water is not improved, the risk of communicable diseases spreading through the population will increase.”",4
7633,"Among the most vulnerable are women and children. Almost a third of all pregnant and lactating mothers and more than 200,000 children are estimated to suffer from severe acute malnutrition.",9
9806,"About 55,100 internally displaced persons (IDPs) continue living in 31 camps, mainly in the metropolitan area of Port-au-Prince since 2010. Nearly seven years after the earthquake, they still lack options to leave camps, and are among the most vulnerable persons in the country, in particular to natural hazards. They are often threatened of eviction and lack access to basic services, including to safe water and sanitation. For instance, 10,000 IDPs located in nine camps do not have access to a toilet. This leads to increased risk of water-borne diseases, such as cholera. Some IDPs—children, elderly, women and single-headed households—are particularly exposed to abuse, exploitation and violence, including sexual and gender-based violence. In addition to life-saving assistance, women and children, who represent approximately 71 per cent of the IDP population, require protection support. ",4
901,Significant shortages of drinking water continue to be a major humanitarian concern in eastern Mosul city. Civilians in many neighbourhoods in the southern and western parts of western Mosul city also have no access to the public network and are potentially accessing untreated drinking water.,11
942,"Collectively, the attacks resulted in the killing of at least 42 people including 3 health workers, and wounding at least 45 including 20 health workers",4
9758,“Flooding due to too much stagnant water increases the chances of water borne diseases such as cholera and other diarrhoeal illnesses. There is also the increase of rodent borne diseases such as vector borne diseases like malaria.” ,11
11817,"The country is largely dependent on imports to satisfy its domestic consumption requirements for wheat, maize, and in a lesser extent, rice, as local cereal production meets only about half of the total national cereal demand. In 2017/18 marketing year (July/June), total cereal imports are forecast at 6.1 million tonnes, 4 percent above the 2016/17 high level. Maize imports in the 2017/18 marketing year are projected to exceed last year’s high level and reach 3.7 million tonnes, supported by strong domestic demand from the feed industry. Wheat imports in 2017/18 are anticipated to increase by 6 percent year-on-year to",3
5576,"A fire outbreak has destroyed a large number of farmlands and farm produce at Iloli, Lofi and Hidonge villages in Imatong state recently, a local official said.Tobi Majak Thomas, Torit County Commissioner, told Radio Tamazuj on Wednesday that the fire destroyed 75 farms.The commissioner called on aid agencies to come and assist the farmers with food because all their harvested crops have been destroyed by fire.",5
731,"Cholera outbreaks have been confirmed in nine states [Jubek, Terekeka, Jonglei, Imatong, Eastern Lakes, Western Bieh, Northern Liech, Southern Liech; and Eastern Nile] (Figs 19.2 & 19.3). Active cholera transmission is ongoing but declining in Northern Liech and Southern Liech; and UN House PoC. As of 20 Jan 2017, a cumulative of 4,401 cholera cases including 81 deaths (43 facilities and 38 community) (CFR 1.84%) had been reported in South Sudan (Table 4.2). National and state level cholera taskforce committees are coordinating preparedness and response activities. Current trends highlight the need to enhance the cholera response in Northern and Southern Liech states",4
4702,"The Nigeria Education sector estimates that 2.8 million school-aged children and education personnel are in need of emergency education support in Borno, Yobe and Adamawa states. Since the start of the crisis, more than 700,000 children between the ages of 6 and 17 have been displaced in these three states. The recent crisis in north-east Nigeria has put pressure on an education system that was already poor before the start of the conflict. In 2015, more than 75 per cent of children in Yobe and Borno states were out of school, compared to 24 per cent in the rest of Nigeria24. There are multiple barriers for children to access education. A critical one is the inability for parents to support the cost of learning materials and the charges levied in schools, due to loss of assets and livelihoods during the crisis. Additional barriers include the poor quality of education mainly due to a lack of adequately trained teachers, a lack of teaching and learning materials, insufficient or overcrowded classrooms, and inadequate WASH facilities. Throughout the crisis, especially between 2009 and 2015, education has been the object of deliberate and systematic attacks by nonstate armed groups, leading to loss of life and property and weakening an already fragile education system. In the period between 2012 and 2016, more than 600 teachers were reportedly killed in attacks, while more than 19,000 were displaced. A primary school was deliberately attacked on 30 November 2017 with casualties among children. Children and teachers in all three affected states are in dire need of psycho-social support to cope with the negative effects of the conflict. There is an urgent need to engage the local communities in supporting education as a longer term strategy for recovery and peacebuilding. Preliminary findings of the joint education needs assessment conducted in November 2017 show that parents see education as an opportunity for better job prospects as well as preventing idleness or troublemaking and building their child’s character. Lessons from the past should encourage all stakeholders to realise that a stable and prosperous north-east will depend on ensuring that all children and adolescents have access to quality and inclusive education.",8
8202,"Health official reports shortage of Hepatitis drugs in South Sudan Health officials in South Sudan say there is an acute shortage of medication for Hepatitis C and other serious diseases due to the financial crunch across the country. The director of medical Supplies in the national health ministry, Dr. Bortelo Oghisa, said that the government does not have finances to purchase the medicine. Oghisa further said the ministry received 3,000 tons of medical supplies on Thursday from Troika countries, supplies that will last three months in all the states.He said the supplies will be distributed to 22 states in greater Equatoria, Bahr el Ghazal and the disputed Abyei area. The remaining in greater Upper Nile, he said, will be supported by the World Bank.",4
6914,"Food and Nutrition: ? Monthly ration is not enough to feed all the family members for one month, it causes hunger, malnutrition and negative coping mechanisms such as selling livestock, borrowing and child labour. ? Violence in the food distribution area as people push each other. The crowd controllers beat people which sometimes causes injuries. ? Uncomfortable space for distribution such as no waiting shade outside the distribution centres. Inside the centres food distribution, the space is very narrow and the pathway is not comfortable for pregnant women and sometimes it creates conflict as people push each other. ? There is no fixed date for distribution and the distribut ion is usually delayed. Inconsistent scooping by food distributors, causing major discrepancies in the quantity of food received by families. ? Lack of food diversity and the current drought aggravates the malnutrition problem. ? Specific dietary needs of certain groups such as pregnant women are not met which causes malnutrition. While some mothers are provided with nutritional supplements, they sell it to buy other food and non-food items.",8
9743,"The total number of ocially reported WPV1 cases in Pakistan in 2018 is one. The most recent case  (by date of onset) occurred in Dukki district, Balochistan province, with onset of paralysis on 8 March. One new WPV1 positive environmental sample has been reported this week, collected in Jacobabad district, Sindh province, on 7 March. Supplementary immunization days are currently ongoing, during which vaccinators aim to vaccinate children across eight provinces using bOPV.",4
3989,"543,475 people were estimated to be in need of food assistance across Myanmar in January",3
3849,"Despite differences in circumstances and the number of people affected, Palestinians in some areas of the West Bank also face serious constraints to their access to shelter, services and livelihoods, placing some of them at risk of forcible transfer. This is the case for approximately 12,000 Palestinians living in neighbourhoods adjacent to the settlement compounds in Hebron city. This Bulletin focuses on the impact of a barrier and gate installed recently by the Israeli authorities around two of these neighbourhoods, As Salaymeh and Gheith, where up to 1,800 people have been further isolated from the rest of the city. Additionally, the Israeli authorities announced the establishment of a separate municipal entity to administer the settlements in the city, a measure which may have a negative impact on the 2,000 Palestinians living in the targeted area.",5
6116,An RFE/RL reporter who was investigating allegations of vote-buying in Armenia’s April 2 parliamentary vote was attacked a few hours after polls opened,9
2463,"'One of the settlements that we visited was attacked several days later. People were forced to move again,' said Zuhair Kanjou, MSF project manager for North Syria.",9
7849,"The study confirms that agricultural livelihoods in the six districts suffered particularly high levels of damage, and therefore support to livelihoods in these districts should be prioritised in agricultural recovery programmes.",0
11752,"There is no good solid waste treatment. Another problem we have is the lack of maintenance of the chemical baths that were installed. The company Ancro comes every 3 days, which forces the neighbors to perform their depositions in the periphery, 'says the victim.   The bathrooms are not enough. Pozo de los Ramos has 32 chemical baths for 279 families.",11
8266,"The Sabha Medical Centre receives 70 percent of its backing from international organizations in the absence of state support from rival governments in Tripoli and the east, said Wafi.  “We suffer greatly from a shortage of medicines, political division and lack of support,” he said.",4
1997,"There are many complex, intertwined reasons for the high rates of undernutrition in DPRK. This includes mountainous terrain, with only 17 per cent of land good for cultivation, farming largely reliant on traditional farming methods, and a lack of agricultural inputs, such as quality seeds, proper fertilizer and equipment. In addition, changing weather patterns have left DPRK vulnerable to droughts and floods, which often result in reductions in agricultural production.",3
3684,"UNICEF is scaling up its humanitarian response across Latin America and the Caribbean to help children and families recover from successive hurricanes in the region and two earthquakes in Mexico. After Hurricane Maria left an estimated 90 per cent of buildings damaged or destroyed in Dominica, UNICEF is supporting the government to get students back to school as quickly as possible. Deltin, 16, is one of thousands of students who has been affected.",10
3698,"Food and Fuel Supply and Availability: During the Holy month of Ramadan in June 2017, relatively better supply and availability of food commodities prevailed across most of the governorates of Yemen. Availability of food items in local markets has improved in most governorates except Taiz, Shabwa, Laheg, and Ad Daleh. However, scarcity of fuel commodities persisted in stations owned by the government where prices are regulated and generally much cheaper than privately owned stations. Although the situation seems to be improved in the past few months compared to the peak period of the conflict back in 2015 and early 2016 where long lines of cars were frequently observed around fuel stations, most of the government fuel stations are still struggling with the poor supply and the privately owned small fuel shops spread across the streets of major towns are selling fuel with higher prices and easing the scarcity. As the economic capacity of poor households has diminished during the prolonged conflict, millions of Yemenis are no longer able to access the food available in the markets through their own financial means and continued to depend on humanitarian assistance, which is not in abundance either",3
3006,"At the hospital supported by MSF in Hassakeh, MSF has received 133 people wounded by land mines and booby-traps in four and a half months—one per day on average. The number of patients affected by these injuries has sharply increased since late 2017, from 17 in November, to 39 in December, and 41 in January. From the beginning of February to March 14, 36 victims were treated in the hospital.",9
2404,4 suspected cases of  cholera and one death leading to an outbreak reported in Vihiga,4
5242,"Food security is the most critical need of IDPs and their host communities; 77% of IDPs across Borno state placed immediate lifesaving food aid requirements as a top urgent need. Moreover 63% people in Borno, (higher than in Adamawa 59% and Gombe 38%) mentioned that they have not received any food aid at all in the last 6 months. Nutrition has emerged as big concern in the target areas wherein children under 5 are faced with severe malnourishment, during the assessment team could identify several children with signs of nutrition deficiency.",3
3260,"Lysychansk Vodakanal informed the WASH cluster that Lysychansk city now has power (and water), and Sevierodonetsk power and water was also restored (both power and water) this morning. However there are knock on effects which mean that all PVK water facilities, including the Western Filter Station and pumping stations, are still cut off from electricity. As a result, all cities connected to the Karbonit system from both GCA and NGCA sides, are now not receiving safe piped water from the usual source. In GCA areas Popasna, Hirske and Zolote are affected (around 44,000 people) and in NGCA Alchevsk, Stakhanov, Brianka, Pervomaisk and Kirovsk are the most affected (180,000 people) with Alchevsk, Krasnyi Luch and Antratsyt also affected to a lesser extent. ",7
4168,"Water sources are available in Lafon town. However, sanitation and hygiene practices were limited and soap was not available at the household level or in the market. In Taar boma, water scarcity was reported as a major issue affecting the community. Both functional boreholes in Burgilo payam were in need of repairs and upgrade of hand-pumps.",11
511,"IOM’s response began after 140 suspected cases of cholera were reported in Ayod during the first weeks of April, putting the population of approximately 175,000 people at risk. Access to Ayod is difficult during the rainy season, and its proximity to the Nile River increases its vulnerability to outbreaks of water-borne diseases such as cholera. Due to the ongoing crisis in Jonglei, health facilities in Ayod have not been functioning and face a lack of health workers and medical supplies.",4
10295,": The most recent assessment from UN-Habitat, the United Nations Human Settlements Programme, confirms that extensive damage has occurred in western Mosul.More than 1140 housing sites have been destroyed across the city",10
9903,"Due to widespread losses of crops (up to 100 percent in some areas of Grande-Anse), livestock and  seeds, the next harvest expected in early 2017 could be seriously affected, exacerbating and  prolonging acute food insecurity well into this year.   ",0
5665,"The overall trend shows that the AWD/cholera outbreak is slowing down. However, there are AWD/cholera alerts being reported from Galgadud, Gedo, Bay,Togdheer, Bakol, Middle Juba regions and other inaccessible areas. Verification of these alerts is difficult due to insecurity.",4
4287,"A woman and her son were injured due to a landmine explosion in al-Mansoura area in the western countryside of Raqqa, rising to 18 including 2 children and 5 women, the number of people who were killed within the past 48 hours due to landmines explosion in the countryside of Raqqa. The casualties are a man, his wife, and two of his female children were killed due to landmine explosion in Hutteen village in the countryside of Raqqa, a man and his wife were killed due to landmine explosion in the second neighborhood of al-Tabqa city, a man and his wife and four of his children were killed due to a landmine explosion near al-Qahatniya farm north of Raqaa, and a woman was killed due to a landmine explosion in al-Kalta village in the northern countryside of Raqqa. Warplanes also targeted areas in Debsi Afnan town in the western countryside of Raqqa, leaving several injured, and causing material damage in the properties of the citizens.",9
7942,"The majority of respondents reported having left their countries of origin or habitual residence because of war, conflict or political reasons. Children reported conflict or war less often than adults (63% vs 73%).",1
5342," The Philippines has found a second outbreak of bird flu in another province in the main Luzon island, Agriculture Secretary Emmanuel Pinol said on Friday, a week after reporting the country's first case of the poultry disease.",5
3516,"The situation in Ar-Raqqa city continues to remain dire. Sustained military operations have resulted in severe shortages of foodstuffs and medicines, affecting up to 25,000 civilians still residing in the city. Residents face daily threats to their safety due to ongoing hostilities. Most residents are relying on whatever stored food they have left to survive. In terms of health services, only one wing of the National Hospital was functional as of 31 July. An airstrike on 3 August destroyed the National Hospital rendering it inoperable. The attack reportedly resulted in the death of six nurses and the injury of one doctor. Informal care points exist in other parts of the city, but they are commonly staffed by medical professionals and have only the most basic medical supplies. Access to safe water remains an urgent need, as the supply and availability of water continued to be a major gap in different locations in Ar-Raqqa Governorate, particularly Ar-Raqqa city.",11
8686,"Central African Republic still remains extremely dependent on aid – but with a chronically underfunded humanitarian response: 48% of the population is hungry and unable to eat more than once a day. Only 35% have access to safe drinking water and 27% access to sanitation services, according to the United Nations. Despite the enormous needs, the humanitarian response has only been financed 5% so far this year. In 2016 only 36% of the requested funds were covered, putting the humanitarian response in a situation of chronic underfunding.",11
6286,"• Since the beginning of January 2017, the number of malaria cases has reached over 4.2 million people (with 1,891 deaths);",4
7758,"The central high plains and southeastern Madagascar experienced severe dryness and drought in January and early February. In the south, however, although the rainy season was approximately 5 – 7 weeks late overall levels of precipitation were near average during the month of January.Despite the near average rain and the expected near average harvests of maize and pulses, areas in the south that were affected by drought in the past 3 years will face Stressed (IPC Phase 2) through the remainder of the lean season. ",3
3138,"Many arrive broke, hungry and in need of immediate medical attention. Over the last two years, North Santander province, where Cucuta is located, has vaccinated 58,000 Venezuelans for measles, diphtheria and other infectious diseases because only half of the arriving children have had the shots, said Nohora Barreto, a nurse with the provincial health department.Signs of stress caused by the flood of migrants are abundant elsewhere in this city of 650,000. Schools are overcrowded, charitable organizations running kitchens and shelters are overwhelmed and police who chase vagrants and illegal street vendors from public spaces are outmanned.Metropolitan Cucuta's school system is bursting at the seams with migrant kids, who are given six-month renewable passes to attend school. Eduardo Berbesi, principal of the 1,400-student Frontera Educational Institute, a public K-12 school in Villa de Rosario that's located a short distance from the Simon Bolivar International Bridge, says he has funds to give lunches to only 60% of his students. He blames the government for not coming through with money to finance the school's 40% growth in enrollment since the crisis began in 2015.'The government tells us to receive the Venezuelan students but gives us nothing to pay for them,' Berbesi said.",2
4544,"Trade  routes  into  the  east  of  the  city  are  open,  markets  are  functioning  and  produce  is  available, but assessments indicate that food is still a priority need. Food  security  analyses  undertaken  in  March  indicate  that  food  security  continues  to  remain  a  concern.  Markets  are widely  frequented  and  have  become  the  main  source  of  food,  but  families  without  an  income  are  buying  food  on  credit  from  stallholders  or  borrowing  money.  Despite  this,  reliance  on  food  assistance  provided  by  humanitarian organizations  continues  to  be  widespread.  ",5
10655,"During November 2016, forty seven incidents were reported.   Thirty were veried and 17 are in the process of verication. ",4
2138,"Warplanes of the Saudi-led coalition struck a house north of Yemen's capital on Wednesday where mourners had gathered to offer condolences after a woman died, residents said, killing eight women and one child and injuring ten others.",9
11028,"While the majority of the country is expected to remain in Minimal (IPC Phase 1) through the end of the harvest, food insecurity could accentuate earlier than usual in March, particularly in Kirehe, Gatsibo, and Kayonza districts, leading to some poor households in Stressed (IPC Phase 2) through the lean season. ",3
11420,"Towards the end of 2016, the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) experienced floods, in two locations.  On 9 November, in Gemena, in the northeast of the DRC, over 2,000 people were affected by extensive floods that occurred in the neighbourhoods located on the banks of rivers Mombonga, Sukia and Labo.    Also, on 26 December 2016, heavy rain caused the river Kalamu to overflow, destroying thousands of homes.  At least 50 people died and thousands have been left homeless. Boma is located in the southwest of the DRC.",10
3473,"The deterioration nutrition in children is expected to reach its peak at the end of the lean season in March. Although a good harvest is anticipated, which will contribute to significant improvements of the nutrition and food security conditions, overall, the nutrition situation is expected to remain poor until July 2017 as historically, the peak of acute malnutrition occurs at the end of the lean season in March.",8
1417,"Roof collapse incidents in Attock, Jhelum and Okara due to massive rainfall result in 3 deaths while 14 people sustained injuries.",10
10680,"The approval rate of exit-permits for Gaza patients rests at 54%, the lowest rate since 2008. Documentation shows that the vast majority of the unsuccessful applications are excessively delayed, rather than rejected, by Israeli authorities, which enables the authorities to avoid criticism for high-rejection rates. In practice, the delays lead to a similar if not identical result, being that effective medical care—which, by nature means timely care—is unattainable.",4
2620,"The Dollo Somali region of Ethiopia borders Somalia and Kenya. Due to its proximity to the Somali border, it has received refugees who fled Somalia due to war related persecution during 2009 and 2010 while refugees due to drought related reasons crossed into Ethiopia during 2012 and 2013. The state of Ethiopia is signatory to the 1951 UN convention. The state department ARRA and UNHCR Sub Office in Melkadida undertakes joint registration of refugees in the Dollo region. There are five camps in the region namely Melkadida, Buramino, Hilaweyn, Kobe and Bokolmayo, as shown in the Fig 1.   Fig. 1   The combined registered population of all the camps is 210,930 individuals (98,248 M and 112,682 F) comprising 39,123 households. The main areas of origin for these refugees include Gedo, Bay and Bakol. Majority of the refugees are Muslims of Sunni denomination.   ARRA, UNHCR and partners are providing basic needs and services to the refugees living in camps since their onset. In order to plan for different sectoral interventions and also use consultative approach for prioritization of interventions, ARRA, UNHCR and partners undertake annual   8    consultations through PA. These discussions provide qualitative information such as issues concerning refugees, their perspectives and suggestions. In 2016, PA was conducted with the support of 17 organizations. In order to complement the findings of the PA, the quantitative data from different assessments such as education assessment2, HIS3 (Health Information System) and other sources such as registration data by UNHCR, return intention survey data were also used for the purposes of analysis in this report.  ",6
3720,"160,000 in Abyei area need assistance and 20,000 Ngok Dinka remain displaced after fleeing south of the Kiir/Bahr-el-Arab River in 2011, according to the UN SG’s report. ",1
4532,"d. Health partners were supporting the Federal and Regional Health authorities address health risks and outbreaks amongst the conflict-displaced population, including addressing at least three new AWD clustering of cases identified in Fafan zone of Somali region. The Health Cluster reported shortages of medicines, medical supplies and staff to cover the new IDP caseload. ",4
6131,"'They ask how much money you need. They pay and they go, but they do bad things with them,' he said, explaining how some men offer up to 2,000 euros ($2,114) to have sex with the boys.",9
11837,"The provision of water has reduced from 90 to 53 litres per capita per day, with most families receiving piped water only once every four days. The discharge of over 108 million litres of almost totally untreated sewage into the Mediterranean Sea every day – equivalent to more than 40 Olympic-sized swimming pools – has increased bacterial contamination in the Mediterranean Sea, according to testing done on Gaza’s beach water in May 2017. The continuing electricity shortage has raised irrigation costs to a point where agricultural livelihoods have become unsustainable for the most vulnerable farmers.",11
360,"The daily average number of cases was 3,432 cases per day indicating slight decrease in comparison to the previous seven-day period (3,651 cases per day). ",4
9475,"War-displaced families, living in refugee camps in Kabul, are struggling to survive in makeshift shelters. With their humanitarian needs largely unmet, sub-zero temperatures and associated ailments have made life miserable for them",4
5312,"According to the testimonies by Aaron Chambaira and Stella Dosani during the event, most village heads do not consider people living with HIV/AIDS when it comes to distribution of relief food items.",4
201,"Gwoza LGA IDPs, Pulka town. 60,270 and urgent shelter and food needs",3
7149,"In general, different population groups—non-displaced, internally displaced (IDPs), migrants and refugees—interact with markets in similar ways, frequenting the same shops and deriving commodities through the same channels.However, some access limitations were found, especially for non-Libyans (migrants and refugees) who are not eligible to access food subsidies and free insulin from the local authorities.",3
10009,"“The hospital is specialized in the neonatal healthcare only, in addition to the outside clinics that give various medical services for at least 2000 patients a month.” She explained, stressing that the accommodation capacity in the hospital has been largely decreased (now 60 beds only) after many parts were closed following partial collapse in the building.",4
10691,"01. LOGISTICS OPERATIONAL UPDATES ? The Logistics Working Group supported the Government of Papua New Guinea with technical logistics assistance, to procure, plan and dispatch five containers worth of food and WASH materials to Western Province through a commercial barge operation. The vessel sailed from Port Moresby to the Fly river in Western Province. The barge called at Sturt Island, Obo Island and finally reached Kiunga, the provincial capital. Food assistance for 7200 families (36,000 persons) and 9000 litre water tanks for 52 communities have been shipped. Final distribution will be conducted with the assistance of the PNGDF and local disaster committees. ? The Moro Humanitarian Logistics Base manages the delivery of humanitarian logistics via the Oil Search (OSL) Operation in Moro. The agreed terminology for the arrangement is ‘interface’ for the extensive cooperation of donated ‘in-kind’ logistics by OSL to the humanitarian community. Use of the logistics interface is based on a resolved distribution plan by the respective organization and needs to be endorsed by respective cluster, submitted via the Logistics Working Group and the established Request for Assistance (RFA) forms and procedures. ? While many access roads are being re-established, last-mile transport to locations only reachable via helicopter continues to be a major constraint for the response. The Logistics Working Group is working on identifying commercial options to ensure that remote communities can be reached, however it needs the cooperation of the cluster leads to identify those communities.  AIR TRANSPORT ? In-kind 30 hours of helicopter flights from MAF, for over six weeks period in remote communities of earthquake affected areas for humanitarian community will be coordinated by Logistics Working Group. Use of the helicopter is based on the applicable cluster (WASH/HEALTH/SHELTER/FOOD) endorsing the plan by the respective organization and submitted via the Logistics Working Group and the established Request for Assistance (RFA) forms and procedures. The standard Operating Procedure can be found at: click here ? WFP is currently running its food assistance operation from Moro to isolated locations. The unutilized air assets space has been made available to the humanitarian community. Established Request for Assistance (RFA) forms and procedures apply. LAND TRANSPORT ? Local transporters are available to move the cargo from Lae port to Mt. Hagen and Mendi. Security measures needs to be taken for the movement of cargo from Mt. Hagen to either Hela or Southern Highlands provinces. PNGDF is available to escort the cargo. Planning needs to be done in advance with PNGDF as they are stretched with deployments. Booking of escorts is managed through the Logistics Working Group for cargo. SEA AND RIVER TRANSPORT ? Lae’s port is fully functional, with a yard for storage, and it is the recommended port of arrival for humanitarian cargo. The Highlands Highway connecting Lae to Mt Hagen and either Hela or Southern Highlands province, is currently passable. Commercial shipping lines are available to ship the cargo from Port Moresby to Lae Port. ? Options for river / barge movement via the Kikori, Fly and Strickland river, and from Port Moresby to Lae can be considered as an additional transportation options for goods bound to earthquake-affected areas and between major entry point of arrivals for humanitarian cargo. Barges can be hired for specific service and some operators also provide liner service. STORAGE ? Mt. Hagen, Emergency Controllers Office has a newly contracted common storage facility of 640 square meters. The warehouse facility is administered by PNG Defense Force and requests are coordinated by LWG. Organizations can store their cargo for maximum period of 30 days. ? Logistics Working Group have augmented storage capacity in Moro, a Mobile Storage Unit (MSU) with 240 square meter floor capacity for humanitarian relief cargo. Request for Assistance form must be submitted to Logistics Working Group to use the storage facility in Moro. ? In Port Moresby, the PNG Defence Force (PNGDF) has common storage available at their hanger (AST) at POM Jackson’s Airport. Additional space has been granted at the PNGDF Murray Barracks. Storage at these locations must be requested via Request for Assistance (more information below). Items will be stored for a maximum of 30 days. ACCESS CONSTRAINTS ? General Logistics Planning Map has been published ( 16 May 2018) and can be downloaded at click here. Below a summary of access constraints:  Airport/Airstrips ? Southern Highlands Province: Moro, Mendi, Bosave, Munuma Station, Fogomaiu are operational. Huya is only open to helicopters. ? Hela Province: Tari operational; Komo open now open to ATR freighter and AN 12 aircrafts due to ground work by EXXON Mobile ? Western Highlands Province: Mt Hagen Kagamuga airport is operational. ? Western Province: Dodomona and Mogalu are operational Roads ? Mt. Hagen to Tari - Open ? Mendi to Moro – Closed for cargo transport, accessible only for light vehicles ? Traffic congestion along the main roads from Hagen to Mendi and Mendi to Tari, due to influx of vehicles to affected areas. ? The road from Nipa to Magarima and onward to Tari and Komo is accessible to land cruisers, coaster buses (25 seaters) and 12-wheeler trucks. ? The Homa / Paua to Tubage road is accessible only for light vehicle. This road is critical for access to the quake affected villages of Homa, Paua, Baguale and Kekero.",6
10945,"“We have budgetary constraints for hosting, providing food, shelter, water, sanitation, health services, school for children and physiological support to the refugees,” he said. ",3
287,"Cox’s Bazar police authorities have foiled attempts by more than 50,000 Rohingya to flee the refugee camps since September, and 3,014 others have been sent back to Cox’s Bazar from across the country.",9
902,"Somalia is among the ten countries with the highest prevalence of malnutrition in the world, and the third highest in the eastern and southern Africa region, with 17.42 percent Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) amongst children under five years (U5) and 3.2 percent severely malnourished.",8
2742,"Approximately 1,800 unarmed civilians were killed as a result of direct targeting in 2017, 78% of which were in operations conducted by the Saudi-led coalition. Although civilians constitute the primary target of violence in only 7% of all events recorded by ACLED in 2017, many more are reported to have died as collateral damage of indiscriminately targeting armed groups in 6/9 civilian populated areas. The totals are therefore likely to be far higher than 1,800. These figures point to the flagrant disregard that all conflict agents, and especially international actors, have demonstrated towards safeguarding civilian lives.",9
3724," From 17 March to 29 April 2017, a total of 167 new trauma cases were received in 3 WHO supported Trauma Stabilization Points (TSPs) located in the frontlines of west Mosul, bringing the total number of casualty cases recorded between 18 February and 29 April 2017 to 2127 trauma cases.  ? More than 100 trauma cases were referred and treated in five hospitals including Athba and Bartalla Field Hospitals, Emergency, West Emergency and Shikhan hospitals between 23 April and 30 April 2017. This brings the cumulative number of trauma patients from west Mosul treated in the 5 hospitals since 18 February to more than 4200 (87% were civilians 27% were children under the age of 15 years and 27% were female). To date, more than 8200 patients (73% civilians, 28% under the age of 15 years and 24% female) have been referred to hospitals in Mosul and neighboring Governorates. Most patients were treated for head, neck and spinal injuries caused by shrapnel and gunshot wound.",4
9584,"Decree no. 6 constituted a severe limitation on women’s freedom of movement in eastern Libya, and its replacement with decree no. 7 raises concerns that women may still be subject to arbitrary restrictions on their right to travel amidst an overall deteriorating human rights situation in the country. Women have been particularly affected by the ongoing conflict and in the face of intimidation and fear have been forced to retract from public and political engagement in recent years. ",9
5830,"Domestic prices of rice, the main staple food in the country, rose considerably for four consecutive months, reaching record levels in December 2016. The spike in prices is due to the reduced 2016 secondary “yala” output, harvested in September, and the unfavourable prospects for the main 2017 “maha” crop. I",3
8774,"Some 40,000 public school teachers in Malawi began a nationwide strike last week, following the government’s failure to address several issues affecting their welfare.",2
7237,"The improved rainy season and harvest in March and April 2017 may produce a temporary reprieve from the complex nutritional crisis in the south, however pockets of acute malnutrition remain an obstacle to recovery. Preliminary results of the UNICEF-led nutrition SMART surveys show GAM prevalence between 10 and 15 per cent in Beloha and Amboasary districts, within the “high” prevalence range for wasting, according to WHO standards (10-14 per cent). ",8
5373,"Severe water, food and medicine shortages continue and unconfirmed reports that schools and public services (such as bakeries) have closed. ",2
2239,"The United Nations has raised concerns over a newly announced demolition plan in a Palestinian Bedouin village in the occupied West Bank that threatens dozens of buildings including a primary school.Piper visited the village where the primary school is among 140 structures at risk of demolition.'Khan al-Ahmar is one of the most vulnerable communities in the West Bank struggling to maintain a minimum standard of living in the face of intense pressure from the Israeli authorities to move,' he said in a statement.The UN said there are 46 communities in the central West Bank at risk of forcible transfer, ousting approximately 7,000 residents.",10
1115,"It said with electricity cut off the Gaza Strip for more than 20 hours straight and only three or four hours of supply, Gaza’s sewage treatment plants have stopped working and as a result 110,000 cubic meters of sewage from 23 stations are being dumped every day in the sea before being treated.It said tests by the Ministry of Health and the Environmental Agency have found out that 73 per cent of Gaza’s beaches extending from Rafah in the south to Gaza City in the north are polluted from sewage.",11
11131,"Due to their marginalization and vulnerability, women with perceived IS ties have endured sexual harassment. Many of them have also been subjected to sexual violence including rape and sexual exploitation. Amnesty International researchers established that sexual exploitation was occurring at every camp visited during the research for this report. The practice was confirmed and described by 26 international NGO workers, national NGO workers and current and former UN officials and 19 members of female-headed households, nine of whom told Amnesty International they had personally been subjected to coercion or pressure to enter into exploitative sexual relationships with men. According to these sources, sexual exploitation is primarily carried out by armed actors present in the camps. These armed actors take advantage of their positions of authority, coercing and pressuring the women to enter sexual relationships in exchange for desperately needed cash, humanitarian aid or protection from other armed actors or men in the camps.",9
7647,• Access to drinking water is a major priority for IDPs. Largescale and prolonged displacement puts additional burden on already scarce water sources.,11
4393,"The number of refugee children in primary schools as increased from 118,275 in 2016/17 academic year to 132,563 in 2017/18 academic year. with this, total elementary school gross enrolment rate has reached 72% which is close to the government’s plan of achieving 75%. Secondary school enrolment rate of refugee students has increased from 9% to 12%. 2,300 refugees are enrolled in tertiary education compared to 1,600 during the last academic year.",2
3648,"3,014 suspected cases of diphtheria with 28 deaths, including 24 deaths children, have been reported as of 31 December 2017. 58 per cent of deaths were amongst children younger than five years of age. The daily number of new suspected cases shows a decreasing trend. ? 310,489 children aged 6 weeks to 14 years, 88 per cent of the target, were reached by round one of a diphtheria vaccination campaign implemented by health sector partners with the support of UNICEF, during the last two weeks of December 2017. Immunization is ongoing in host community schools.",4
8032,"The limited access to marshes and inputs, the persistence of plant diseases and pests (cassava mosaic, banana BXW, autumn corn caterpillar) as well as pressure from returnees limit the contribution of the 2017C season to safety households whose food stocks from the 2017 season crops are depleted with September, household incomes remain low to feed on local markets, which are themselves poorly supplied due to the lack of foreign exchange and the depreciation of the Burundi Franc.",5
10930,"An assessment was carried out in Khowkah and Hays districts in the Al-Hudaidah Governorate to confirm the population size and needs of IDPs in those districts, including identifying available local implementing partners, coordination mechanism, and safe distribution points for providing assistance to the affected populations. A key finding of the assessment was that there is a critical need for NFIs and livelihood opportunities in the area.",7
8747,"Barely a month after Rwandan farmers suffered ‘Fall Army Worm’ – a deadly insect that has hit maize crops in almost every corner of the country, another unknown seed pest has attacked bean plantations in the northern province of Rwanda.  The new disease is creating more fears of a possible drop in anticipated output of the country’s major food crops this season",3
3268,"We have divided the city up into ten sectors, each with roughly the same number of residents. Each day, water is pumped to one of the sectors.    That means that each area gets water once every 10 days, which puts pressure on us and the residents. On those days, we pump water for eight hours and the consumer gets it for around four, because it takes time to fill up the network and pipes.",11
4760,The provincial officials in Nangarhar said the forces were deployed to Goshta and Lalpur districts in a bid to prevent the shelling.,9
3426,"Critical civilian water and electrical facilities continue to be damaged by the hostilities along the contact line in Eastern Ukraine, despite repeated calls on parties to the conflict to respect the civilian nature of infrastructure and de-militarize the adjacent areas to allow for safe repairs. Heavy shelling of the South Donbass Water pipeline has led to a halt in the provision of clean water to around 350 000 people in Government controlled areas. The Ukrainian authorities have requested the international humanitarian efforts to assist through water trucking. In the meantime, repairs have been conducted during a window of silence negotiated by the Water Company with the assistance of ICRC, whose action is co-financed by DG ECHO.",11
9485,"According to January and February Nutrition surveys, the caseload of severely malnourished children has reduced by 16% from 6 months ago, with a reduction of 7% in the number of moderately malnourished children.",8
9367,"These challenges compound an already constrained situation of humanitarian access. High levels of insecurity, ongoing military operations and the requirement - in some areas – to use armed escorts delay the delivery of lifesaving assistance, and in some cases, preventing access to people in need. Over 80% of Borno are considered high or very high risk for international humanitarian partners to operate in, and three LGAs in Borno area entirely inaccessible (Marte, Guzamala and Abadam). In many other LGAs, movement is usually restricted to LGA headquarters which are in some cases only accessible to humantiarian staff by UNHAS helicopters. Administrative restrictions and procedures for cargo movements outside of Maiduguri as well as visas and customs clearance for humanitarian personnel and supplies similarly can delay the humanitarian response.",4
6123,"The frequency and intensity of natural hazards such as droughts, cyclones and tsunamis in Papua New Guinea (PNG) are increasing each year, putting more and more people at risk. These emergencies impact differently on women, men, girls and boys, depending on their status in society, their capacity to cope and respond and their gender roles and responsibilities in the household and in the community. Women and girls are at particular risk due to their increased workload and caring responsibilities. Women and girls also face secondary gendered risks that result from disasters, including increased gender-based violence (GBV), including forced marriage and trafficking, and impaired sexual and reproductive health (SRH).",9
5573,"The rainfall has been sufficient to recharge water sources to some degree, improving the quality of water and reducing distances and waiting times. For example, most pans and dams in Narok are almost back to their normal levels except in a few areas in Narok East, while most pans in Mandera have also impounded water.However, in other areas severe water shortages persist. Isiolo remains water-stressed, particularly Sericho, Merti and Garbatulla, while in the marginal mixed farming livelihood zones of Kitui and Tharaka Nithi there has been minimal recharge of open sources and seasonal rivers. Water trucking continues in parts of Baringo, Isiolo, Kilifi, Mandera and Wajir.",11
1930,"On 9 Jan flooding in Huanuco. 2500 people affected, 16 people injured. Shelters damaged, 3 education facilities damaged, roads damaged, loss of crops and animals",5
9487,"Israel has agreed to suspend on Jan. 1 the Gaza Reconstruction Mechanism (GRM), a deal Palestinian contractors say has put many of them out of business and cost the Contractors Union millions of dollars a month, according to a representative of the new consensus government.",7
2364,"“It is almost impossible to do independent reporting due to lack of protection. Journalists are surrounded by a host of problems, due to which they have to remain careful,” he said. ",9
8832,"ZMD has reported that five provinces have been badly affected by floods. The recent outlook projected increased rainfall activities over the eastern half of Zambia. In Southern Province, continued heavy down pours ravaged maize fields and property for more than 500 families.",0
2702,"The relentless rainfall in Ecuador has slowly affected over 141,000 people throughout the entire country since the beginning of the year. The national government declared a nationwide state of emergency to provide immediate aid. At present, 75% of the affected people and 80% of the affected homes are located within the Guayas and Manabí provinces.The flooding and landslides have hobbled over 100km of the national road network and transportation infrastructure, constantly delaying the delivery of much needed assistance.Education also remains a priority as 89 schools have reported damages. Countless livelihoods have been placed in jeopardy as over 10,000 hectares of crops have been affected and another 5,000 hectares of crops are all but lost. ",6
8023,"Cholera suspected cases: 49,096 Deaths: 361 CFR: 0.74%",4
9876,"90% of families with no income 1,051 unaccompanied or separated children 22% of families missing civil documentation",5
7257,"In the last two weeks (10 – 23 April), 3,400 people at risk of landslides or floods have been relocated. Relocations of more than 20,000 people at risk of landslides or floods are planned in the coming weeks into 3,790 ready and available plots.",10
6697,"Peru has experienced exceptionally heavy rain during January-March – especially in the month of March. This is linked to a coastal El Niño event, which is impacting Peru and parts of Ecuador. The province of Piura, in northwest Peru, received a record 258.2 mm in the space of 24 hours earlier in March. On March 30, it received its second highest total 147.7 mm.  More than 100 people have died, hundreds of thousands have been impacted and much infrastructure has been destroyed, according to government figures.",10
2143,"Mungula sttlement: There are long waiting lines for patients, few medical staff, and limited hours of service in the health centres that serve the settlement. Many in Mungula I cannot easily access the supplementary feeding program based at one of the health centres because it is located far away from some parts of the settlements. Some refugees also face language barriers when seeking treatment due to a lack of translators",4
2141,"n Kenya, 14,520 children (6-59 months) were admitted with SAM and 30,183 were admitted with MAM from Jan – March 2017.",8
6079,"More than 36,000 people in the coastal Can Gio district of Ho Chi Min city were evacuated as thousands of houses were damaged and more 600 destroyed. Hundreds of trees and electricity poles were felled, taking the power supply out. Maybe more significant was the destruction of 40,000 hectares of crops.",10
6911,"Widespread rains occurred in February and March across most of the country, especially in the north. Despite this, crops that survived the extended dry spells in December and January show evidence of reduced yield potential in most areas. Persistent rains are also causing leaching and waterlogging among crops in some parts of the country and limited access to top-dressing fertilizers is causing nutrient deficiency among others. Consumption of the green harvest has started in some areas and this is improving food diversity, consumption patterns, and incomes, especially among poor households.he heavy rains have worsened road conditions in most parts of the country, affecting marketing activities. Maize grain supplies on most markets are decreasing as the marketing season comes to an end. In comparison to January, maize grain prices for February ($0.35/kg) remained stable and were about 15 percent below the five-year average and the February 2017 prices. The 2018-19 tobacco selling season starts on 21 March and expectations are that tobacco sales could help ease the acute foreign currency shortages.Most typical surplus-producing areas in the north are expected to maintain Minimal (IPC Phase 1) and Stressed (IPC Phase 2) food security outcomes due to carry-over stocks from last season, as well as stocks from the 2018 harvests. In the typical grain surplus areas, some poor households will face challenges meeting their livelihood protection needs due to poor livelihood options. Most southern and other typical deficit areas are expected to experience Stressed (IPC Phase 2) and Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes in March, and this will extend into April in most areas. Most typical grain deficit areas will be Stressed (IPC Phase 2) between May and June as households consume own-produced stocks from the 2018 harvests, which will marginally improve their food security situation.  Between July and September, Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes are expected across most typical grain deficit districts in the south. In these areas poor households are expected to exhaust their own production food stocks during this period and humanitarian assistance will be required to help households to meet their minimum food needs and protect livelihoods.",3
1222,"• Access constraints are hampering the delivery of aid to remote earthquake-affected areas, many of which can only be reached via helicopter. • Some transport providers do not wish to tender/bid for services to Tari and Mendi due to the perceived security situation. • Information gaps on cargo pipeline (planned and distributed) and transported corridor are affecting logistical planning and response. ",6
10429,"Referral of medical cases outside camps remains challenging, negatively affecting women with specific needs (e.g. women in advanced stages of pregnancy).",4
2315,"DFSNs classified 637 VDCs/municipalities (more than half of 1,041 total VDCs/municipalities) as moderately food insecure (Phase 2) or worse in 15 Terai districts (see Map 2). The breakdown of the DFSN classifications are as follows: ? 8 VDCs in Saptari were severely food insecure (Phase 4) ? 256 VDCs were highly food insecure (Phase 3) ? 373 VDCs and municipalities were moderately food insecure (Phase 2) ? 404 VDCs and municipalities were minimally food insecure (Phase 1) Refer to Annex 1 for district-wide food security phase maps and affected populations for the 15 Terai districts. DFSNs estimated that roughly 778,000 people were in Phase 3 and 4, and required external assistance to meet food and non-food needs. This is about 40 percent of the total population in the flood-affected areas and 9 percent of the total district population. The next round of DFSN meetings will be held in mid-November. Until then, DFSNs anticipate an improvement in the food security situation. As forecasted by the DFSNs, none of the VDCs will be classified as severely food insecure (Phase 4) and the number of VDCs likely to be classified as highly food insecure (Phase 3) and moderately food insecure (Phase 2) will decrease to 212 (from 256 currently) and 360 (373 currently) respectively.  ",3
5903," As the lean season continues and the peak period begins, most parts of the country continue to face Minimal (IPC Phase 1) acute food insecurity. A few areas in the southeast, southwest, and Mambwe district in Eastern Province are Stressed (IPC Phase 2) and will experience these outcomes through February as they fail to meet non-food essentials without resorting to irreversible coping strategies",3
6371,"Health and education services are nearly non-existent. The lack of a school in the area means that children are involved in cattle keeping, and some opt to join armed groups. Nyirol County is also affected by the current outbreak of cholera, with 39 cases and two deaths reported. During the mission, partners screened a total 2,080 children under age 5. A total of 3,896 children were vaccinated against polio and measles, and over 1,280 women of child bearing age were also vaccinated against tetanus.",8
11266,"GCA Negative Coping Strategies: In February 2018, 78% of households in GCA applied negative coping strategies – the highest level since April 2016 and up from 53% in June 2017. ? NGCA Negative Coping Strategies: Although down from 87% in June 2017 (where food prices where high), the number of NGCA households who applied negative coping strategies in October 2017 remained high at 71%.",3
867,"The Education Cluster revealed that some 110,000 school children have been affected by the recent border clashes and need emergency education assistance. In Oromia region, 65,228 school children are affected in 195 schools in 5 zones (East Hararge, West Hararge, Bale, Borena and Guji), while in Somali region 44,350 school children are affected in 110 schools in 5 zones (Erer, Dawa, Fafan, Liban and Siti).According to the Education Cluster, the conflict disrupted the livelihood of affected families, many are displaced and their properties are looted. Families could therefore not afford to provide their children with basic schooling requirements such as food, stationary and uniform/wear. Close to US$1million is required to provide affected students with learning stationary, school feeding, school uniform and establish temporary learning blocks where schools were totally destroyed",2
8114,"• A UN interagency team conducted an assessment mission to Ar Raqqah city on April 1, representing the first time a humanitarian mission was able to access the city since the October 2017. The team observed a high level of property destruction, with nearly 70 percent of buildings destroyed or damaged, according to the local council. In addition, basic services, including water, electricity, and health care services, are either absent or severely limited. While some education activities have resumed, schools still lack required materials and supplies, the UN reports.",7
8426,"There’s a real risk that the water shortage could see farmers’ yields decimated during this growing season which is from September to March for irrigated crops, and from from May to October for rainfed crops. The long term impact could also be disastrous. Consecutive loss-making years could bankrupt farmers leading to many abandoning agriculture entirely. And as research elsewhere has shown, it could lead to suicides.But the lack of rain has already led to lower crop production which has meant that fewer workers are needed.In many areas production volumes of wine and fruit are expected to fall by 10%-30%.",0
2068,"Many child asylum seekers in Turkey are not going to school because of arbitrary policies for asylum seekers, Human Rights Watch said today. In Turkey, asylum seekers from countries other than Syria are required to live in assigned cities, and are restricted from moving elsewhere even if there are few job opportunities and limited aid where they are assigned. Asylum seekers who stay in their assigned city may face poverty-related barriers to education, with parents unable to meet associated costs or feeling they have little choice but to send their children to work rather than school. Those who move in search of work lose their legal status, without which they cannot enroll their children in school.There are 42,221 school-aged refugees and asylum-seekers from countries other than Syria in Turkey, according to government statistics, but there is no reliable data on how many of them are enrolled in schools.With donor support, the Turkish government has pledged to enroll all Syrian refugee children by the end of the current school year in June 2017, but no similar promises have been made for other child asylum seekers. ",5
9519,"In Prachuap Khiri Khan province, many residents of Bang Sawan district have been trapped in their homes, as the three local reservoirs were unable to contain the runoff from the Tanao Si Mountain Range, which eventually flooded several roads in the area. Governor Thawee Narissirikul denied rumors that the structural integrity of the reservoirs had been compromised.",11
2918,"Around 55 cases of meningitis have been reported in Yobe state. In March, as part of mass vaccination campaign, UNICEF managed vaccine logistic and social mobilization targeting 2 to 29 year-old covering 665,817 people in six local government areas (LGA) in Borno. ",4
2941,"As for food access, the Cadre Harmonisé observed that high food prices were common across the North-East market prices of cereals increased by 50 – 80% as at January 2017 when compared to the 5-year average of the same month; and by 70 – 124% when compared to the 2016 average of the same month. Prices of legumes and tubers were also above the 2016 and 5-year averages by 55% and 105% respectively. As the market is the main source of food for 70% of households, high prices coupled with low purchasing power pose a severe challenge to accessing staple food commodities by most of the population, who become more vulnerable with the lean season approaching",3
10122,"On 20 August 2017, WHO staff deployed in Borno State, north-eastern Nigeria, reported five suspected cholera cases in the Muna Garage Internally Displaced Persons (IDP) camp, northeast of Maiduguri. The first suspected case presented on 14 August 2017. On 23 August 2017, the WHO Country Office reported an increasing number of suspected cases presenting from Muna Garage, with two cases confirmed positive by culture and several additional cases testing positive on rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs). The Borno State Ministry of Health together with WHO and partners immediately scaled up efforts to contain further transmission.Despite these efforts, the outbreak spread to other areas. As of 8 September 2017, there have been a total of 1 165 cases, including 30 deaths (case fatality rate 2.6%). Of 55 samples collected to date, 50 were positive on RDT. Of 13 specimens sent to the national public health laboratory in Lagos for confirmation, Vibrio cholerae was isolated on all stool samples. ",4
9021,"In February 2018, 249 suspected cases and 1 death were reported by the Ministry of Public Health and Population (MSPP), a decrease of 81% and 92% respectively, compared to the same period last year. Overall, 725 suspected cases were reported in the first 9 epidemiological weeks (1 January – 3 March) of 2018, with an incidence rate of 0.06%. ",4
11000,"“How can I go back to that refugee camp? I gave out my mattress, my sheets and all my belongings to other people there. Even I sold my small shelter which was sticks and iron sheets so where will I live? Donald Trump killed me for good. He killed my dream and my future”",5
4957,The preliminary results of a new Emergency Food Security Assessment (EFSA) show that food security and availability in markets have improved in the communes affected by Matthew with the levels of inadequate food consumption decreasing in both Sud and Grand’Anse. ,3
2112,"In many rainfall-scarce areas, groundwater has been exploited to plant water-guzzling crops like paddy and sugarcane, especially in areas like Vidarbha, Maharashtra, and Rayalaseema, Andhra Pradesh. ",11
4497,"prior to 25 August, when the most recent outbreak of violence occurred, UNICEF had been treating 4,800 children suffering from severe acute malnutrition; these children are no longer receiving this life-saving treatment.  “All 12 of the outpatient therapeutic treatment centres run by our partners are closed because they were either looted, destroyed or staff can't access them,” she underscored.",8
4773,"El Salvador: Participation in gang activity accounts for 15,120 cases of school dropout An estimated 50 per cent of educational centres are located in zones with high levels of criminality or gang influence.",2
891,"Since December, increased locust numbers and breeding have been repor ted in western Mauritania, Western Sahara, and northeastern Sudan according to the Food and Agriculture Organization. ",3
2797,"Number of Cholera cases reaches 94 in Zimbabwe  In a worrying development, one of those infected is a resident in the town of Norton, just 40km west of Harare.  ",4
496,"71,529 South Sudanese refugees, most of whom are new arrivals.  103,420 Refugees from the Central African Republic.  39,499 Refugees from Burundi.  539,106 Congolese refugees in African countries  379 Rwandan refugees repatriated from DRC in 2017.",9
8387,"In a statement issued on Saturday, the international medical charity said the recent surge in fighting in Yuai town, has left those forced to flee cut off from healthcare. The medical aid charity pointed out that its national staffs in Yuai town have fled together with the civilian population after the clashes in the area.",4
9607," The storm also uprooted electricity polls and damaged transmission lines in various parts of the district, disrupting power supply throughout the day.",7
88," As the Lassa fever outbreak continues in Epi-week 4, more states were affected with more confirmed cases reported in these states. A total of 297 suspected cases were reported from 13 states. 77 of these cases were laboratory confirmed. 21 deaths were recorded in confirmed and suspected giving a case fatality rate (CFR) of 27.6%. ",4
6440,"cases of suspected Cholera in Mozambique - between 16 Feb 2017 and 13 March-  1400  cases. 3 deaths, case fatality rate- 0.2",4
5937,"More than 600 people have fled clashes in the villages of Anakila, Madougou-Peulh and Alajina-Peulh in the Koro area, according to the Regional Office for Social Development and Solidarity Economy of Mopti. Reports say hundreds of houses have been burned down.",10
9377,"? KSA-led Coalition airstrikes continue to be the leading cause of civilian casualties in Yemen, resulting in more than 900 civilian deaths and more than 1,400 injuries since July 2016, according to the UN.",9
10349,"On 19 May, 70 families were allowed by SDF to return to their home villages Al-Tkmani and Al-Boyoud (35 km west of Ar-Raqqa) after three months of displacement in Al-Mhmoudli and Al-Hsaan village. Reported 15% of the villages’ houses are destroyed, in addition to the village mosque and school. No electricity nor water is available.",7
7742,"? More than 394,000 girls and boys still lack access to safe and protective learning environment. ? More than 4,000 teachers are in need to be recruited and 5,600 teachers still require training. ? Partners are reporting that teacher retention is increasingly difficult given the variation in compensation by humanitarian actor",2
6655,"“The problem we discovered is the issue of sanitation. Most of the toilets at schools and villages do not meet sanitation requirements. People don’t have access to toilets because it’s only a small island that is left. Most communities do not have potable water in terms of boreholes. They use floodwater that is not treated,” revealed the councillor.  In this regard he said the teams, especially from the health ministry, has been distributing purification tablets to affected villages to prevent any waterborne disease outbreak.He said they used a hoover craft that belongs to the police as a means of transport since villages are cut off and cannot be accessed with vehicles. The only areas, he says, they did not reach are Itomba and Insundwa, which are equally affected but are on higher ground.  Furthermore, he said, although the schools are closed for a two-week midterm break, some schools in the affected areas are making use of the time to avoid any time lost in case floodwaters keep rising. These schools include Nankuntwe where both learners and teachers are affected. ",2
6238,"73% functional education facilities, 73% functional health facilities, 52% bomas reported presence of UXOs. 21% of villages are deserted",2
6056,"Israeli settlers attacked, on Friday, Palestinian olive pickers in the Masafer Yatta area, to the south of Hebron, occupied West Bank, said a local activist.",5
8894,"Severe weather, including heavy rain, thunderstorms and strong winds, has been affecting the central, north and eastern areas of the country over the past week, causing casualties and damages. According to media reports, as of 18 April, two people have been killed and at least 3 000 houses have been damaged by thunderstorms. They also reported that over 30 provinces have been affected by floods and thunderstorms. The worst affected ones are Khon Kaen and Nong Khai in the northeast of Thailand as well as the capital Bangkok. Over the next 24 hours, more thunderstorms with strong winds may continue to affect the already affected areas of the country.",10
2258,"Despite the good crop performance at national level, localized production shortfalls were recorded in South Kordofan and North Darfur states, due to erratic rainfall and protracted conflict disrupting agricultural activities.",3
6471,"As of 30 March 2017, the DTM has identified 3,058,626 internally displaced persons (509,771 families) displaced after January 2014, dispersed across 106 districts and 3,648 locations in Iraq. For the same period, DTM has identified 1,639,584 returnees (273,264 families).",9
1452,KIs familiar with health service provision in Wadakona highlighted that waterborne diseases amount to the second most important health concern in the town after malaria. This can be explained by the fact that the population relies solely on untreated water from the Nile. Wadakona had a large water pump before the crisis but it is reportedly no longer functional as it was destroyed by fighting. KIs also reported that over half the population practices open defecation. Lack of clean water and open defecation increase the risks of waterborne diseases and as such make people vulnerable to malnutrition by inducing poor appetite and nutrients mal-absorption.5,4
1719,"Total SAM in northeast Nigeria as of end of August 371,79. Spike in reported cases as of July and August ",8
2363,"Local and international aid organizations, the UN and the local, Kurdish-led Self-Administration provide water, bread, canned goods and foam mattresses to the people in Ayn Issa. Doctors Without Borders (MSF) maintains a clinic, while the UN has built 10 communal tent kitchens.",1
6641,"RAN NDMO reporting 6600 injured and 407 killed (13 Nov 1pm CET). Numerous buildings have reportedly collapsed or suffered structural damage. Sar Pol Zahab (population 60,000) and Qassr Shirin (population 30,000) are the cities that appear to be the worst hit. Kermanshah city, the Javanrood area and Azegele villages are reported to be damaged as well. Kermanshah and Sar Pol Zahab have lost electricity. People are asked to stay outdoors tonight. Initial assessments suggest that the humanitarian impact in Iran is less severe than in Iraq. All airports are open. ",10
9095,"In the coming days, there is a high likelihood of the occurrence of rain in Balochistan and adjoining areas. As the situation is evolving, the scope of the situation may likely escalate",1
5643,"In southern rainfed agropastoral livelihood zones, poor households will deplete stocks earlier than normal, and will rely heavily on markets to access food. However, with lower than normal income and below average terms of trade, consumption will remain inadequate. Many poor households also have reduced coping capacity having sold some livelihood assets in 2017. Poor households in these areas, including Bay Agropastoral, are expected to face food consumption gaps in the absence of assistance and be in Crisis (IPC Phase 3). The exception to this is in July/August when households will harvest 1-2 months of cereal and consumption will temporarily improve. Minimal (IPC Phase 1) or Stressed (IPC Phase 2) outcomes are expected in riverine livelihood zones where production, agricultural labor opportunities, and coping capacity are expected to be relatively better.",3
10093,"Rights group Amnesty International said in a new report released today that South Sudan army burned, shelled and systematically looted homes between January and May this year, deliberately killing civilians and forcing thousands from the Shilluk tribe to flee in Upper Nile.",9
3693,"Meanwhile, people who stay are without food and water. No steady supplies have been able to reach the city since mid-November, Ms. Grande said.  Families with resources are trying to trade what they can to eat even one meal a day, according to stories from people who were able to flee, while some people go for days without meals.",3
9635,"An estimated 14.5 million people require assistance to ensure access to safe drinking water and sanitation, including 8.2 million who are in acute need. This represents an increase of 8 per cent since late 2014, and the severity of needs has intensified. ",11
4580,"Despite response efforts related to Hurricane Matthew in 2016, lifesaving, multi-sectoral assistance will be required in 2017 given the hurricane’s devastating impact, mainly in Grand’Anse, Sud and Nippes departments. Affected people, including 175,000 people who took refuge in 307 collective shelters, have seen their homes and livelihoods destroyed. Approximately 525,000 people need shelter assistance at their place of origin. They also urgently need the resumption of basic services while integrating the conservation of local ecosystems and the anticipation of future risks. ",5
5541,"A diarrhoea outbreak at two wards of Shantinagar Rural Municipality in Dang district has affected at least 1,221 people until Sunday.",4
9136,"Since 22 May, there has been a rising civilian casualty toll as a result of indiscriminate shelling of residential areas; reportedly at least five civilians have been killed including one boy and one girl and 11 have been injured including four boys. Damages to homes, livelihoods and other civilian infrastructure have been documented. Displacement is still at a small-scale, with most families settling with host families and relatives, for example according to local partners on 28 May 124 households (780 individuals) were newly displaced to Martuba and are staying with relatives.",6
10538,"Insects commonly known as whiteflies have ravaged more than 50,000 hectares of crop in Kailo, Kasongo, Kibombo and Pangi areas in the eastern Maniema province. Around 60 per cent of farmers have been affected by the destruction. Food scarcity could worsen in Kailo and Kibombo areas where residents are facing “emergency” levels of food insecurity.Moderate acute malnutrition in Kailo is already over 17 per cent.",3
4218,"Apart from seasonal flu, Albania is threatened even by the avian flu, known as the bird flu. Minister of Agriculture, Edmond Panariti, declared on Monday that this flu circulates in Greece and Croatia, in Balkans and EU countries and despite the fact that Albania is still not infected the risk is very high and the country is on alert.",4
11571,"One child in four is out of school, depriving them of opportunity and leaving them more exposed to risks of recruitment by armed groups and other violations of their rights. Civil servants, including teachers and health workers in northern areas, remain unpaid.",2
6047,"Despite generous donor contributions, the refugee operation continues to face serious resource shortfalls. In March 2018, WFP continued to maintain a 25% ration reduction implemented since January 2018, for all refugees. Unfortunately, if no new contributions are received soon, WFP will have to reduce the rations even further in the coming months.",3
6596,"Saudi Arabia is distributing life-saving assistance throughout Yemen, including in the hard-hit areas held by Iran-allied Houthi rebels, sometimes by donkey or camel, a top Saudi aid official said on Thursday.",1
524,"Outbreaks of violence in Maungdaw district in northern Rakhine State escalated following an October 9 attack on three border outposts that left nine police officers dead. Asserting that both the initial and subsequent attacks were carried out by armed Rohingya militants, the government initiated “clearance operations” to locate the alleged attackers while locking down the area, denying access to humanitarian aid groups, independent media, and rights monitors.  The security operations led to numerous reports of serious abuses by government security forces against Rohingya villagers, including summary killings, rape and other sexual violence, torture and ill-treatment, arbitrary arrests, and arson. The military employed helicopter gunships during a series of clashes beginning on November 11. At time of writing, the government said it had arrested over 300 alleged suspects. Local groups reported the use of torture and a number of deaths in custody.  Satellite imagery in November revealed widespread fire-related destruction in Rohingya villages, with a total of 430 destroyed buildings in three villages of Maungdaw district.  Government travel restrictions placed on humanitarian agencies have led to critical food insecurity and malnutrition, and an estimated 30,000 Muslim villagers remain displaced.  The government has continually failed to adequately or effectively investigate abuses against the Rohingya, and did not act on recommendations to seek UN assistance for an investigation into the violence. ",10
11,Pakistan’s civilian government is pursuing a high-risk strategy in authorizing its army to conduct cross-border strikes against terrorists.,9
4211,"Yesterday, in what may have been a related incident, at least one boat that was reportedly attempting to deliver supplies to Derna was hit outside the port by a navy craft manned by the LNA. Video footage has been published on social media showing a man firing a rocket-propelled grenade at another vessel although there is no independent confirmation that it is of the incident. There are some reports claiming that, in fact, four vessels were involved, that they came from Misrata, that two were hit and two escaped.",1
2506,"In the aftermath of the killing of a Hamas member on 24 March in Gaza City by unknown assailants, the Palestinian de facto authorities in Gaza are imposing new access restrictions, citing security reasons, which are negatively impacting already vulnerable sectors in Gaza. These restrictions are taking place before the upcoming Israeli national and religious holidays when the opening hours of the Israeli-controlled passenger and goods crossings are normally reduced.",9
2326,"5% of the total population in the country is in Crisis (IPC Phase 3). This population has widening food consumption gaps with deteriorating dietary diversity and high malnutrition rates. They are found in Central 1 (0.58 million), Karamoja (0.12 million), Teso (0.2 million), East Central (0.38 million) and South Western (0.31 million) regions. The affected population includes the poorest households with poor food consumption score, low meal frequencies of up to 1 meal a day and low dietary diversity of less than 3 food groups. They have poor purchasing power as their incomes are low and no food stocks at household level. They are mainly coping through food assistance, remittances from relatives, begging, stealing food, wild food gathering and irreversible sale of productive assets to buy food. This population currently needs assistance to bridge the widening food consumption gaps and avert worsening malnutrition",3
10004,"Significant median price changes compared to September were found for sugar (+10.7%), couscous (+10.1%), baby milk (+24.6%) and peppers (+29.2%). Price increases for those items were reported in nearly all locations with reference data from September. Food prices have continuously increased over the past months (see graph in the appendix). Since June 2017, food prices have risen by 10.7% on average across locations with available reference data.",5
2183,"The Ministry of Public Health of Afghanistan today launched the first spring round of National Immunization Days (NIDs) for polio eradication in 2017. The campaign which will take place from 27-31 March is the first national campaign in 2017. More than 8.8 million children under the age of five will be vaccinated against polio and more than 7.9 million aged 6 months to 5 years will be given vitamin A tablets. The campaign will cover all provinces, except Bamyam, Daikonda and Ghor provinces due to cold weather.  ",4
2413,"Of the $16 billion total bill, the cost of damage to assets - such as tractors, machinery, commercial farms, veterinary clinics, animal sheds, greenhouses, irrigation systems and processing facilities - is estimated at over $3 billion, though this number is likely to rise significantly when the full extent of damages in the main conflict areas can be better assessed.     About $6.3 billion of the total is made up of damage and loss in crop production. In the livestock sector, damage and loss was calculated at around $5.5 billion, and in the fisheries sector the estimate is almost $80 million.",5
8906,"978,000 People in Madagascar Requiring Emergency Assistance. Approximately 973,700 people faced food insecurity in southern Madagascar. ",3
2517,"The first phase of the campaign is significant as it is expected to accelerate the countrys efforts to eliminate measles which affects an estimated 2.5 million children every year, killing nearly 49 000 of them. The campaign also marks the introduction of rubella vaccine in Indias childhood immunization programme to address CRS which causes birth defects such as irreversible deafness and blindness in nearly 40 000 children every year.",4
4747,"Many of the new arrivals are staying in schools, community centres and other community spaces. UNHCR is reinforcing existing systems for protection and service delivery. Camp capacity is overstretched, particularly in Nayapara. The shortage of WASH facilities has also raised the risk of the outbreak of diseases to which pregnant women, young children and the elderly are especially vulnerable.  ",9
10566,"In Mozambique, seasonally adjusted cereal prices generally decreased (-8% maize; -7% wheat flour) in the expectation of improved production. Import prices declined from Q4-2016 (-8% rice) or increased at a slower pace (+5% oil) as the national currency appreciated slightly.",3
11840,"Since 25 August, a total of 335,234 children under the age of five have been screened for malnutrition of which 11,179 children were identified with SAM. During the reporting period, we have screened 107,266 children for malnutrition (with some back reporting from earlier weeks by one of our partners). Among them, 898 children were identified with SAM of which 811 children are now receiving treatment. This makes a total of 10,725 children receiving treatment for malnutrition since 25 August 2017.",8
5636,A total of 59 police officers have been admitted to various hospitals with cholera-like symptoms. Forty-five out of 430 officers deployed to Nairobi ahead of the Supreme Court ruling on Friday were infected. They were residing at the Multimedia University Hotel in Rongai.,4
4137,"Rift Valley fever is an emerging viral disease that is threatening public health and has already had a substantial economic impact. In Madagascar, cattle trading is the main trigger factor for epidemics, and that between two outbreaks, the virus persists in some parts of the island.   ",4
5685,"Maize is referred to as a 'politicised crop' in Zambia because of government interventions to support it. Zambia's government has promoted maize more than other crops such as cassava, millet and sorghum, a fact that could make reflection challenging. ",3
8821,"Too little water isn't always a problem for China's northern urban centers. In July 2016, Beijing flooded, along with the nearby provinces of Hebei, Henan and Shanxi -- all in China's dry north. More than 75 people went missing. Just four years earlier, also in July, 77 people were killed when China's capital filled with water after a torrential 10-hour downpour. Rapid urbanization and poor city design has left China's cities prone to flooding, leaving important rain water useless and, at times, dangerous. 'The city's infrastructure basically cannot cope with the runoff ... you pave the entire city with concrete so once the water hits the ground it has nowhere to go but down the drainage,' says Xuemei Bai, a professor of urban environment and human ecology and Australian National University Professor.",11
10899,"The situation in the camps is so incredibly fragile, especially with regard to shelter, food and water, and sanitation, that one small event could lead to an outbreak that may be the tipping point between a crisis and a catastrophe,” says Robert Onus, MSF Emergency Coordinator.",1
1540,"According to key informants, people in Deir ez-Zor have been affected by the long siege, and most households are still eating just one meal a day because of a lack of income, the lack of food in the market and high prices. Vegetables and meat are not available, so people are consuming cereal and beans mainly from WFP assistance. The situation is slightly better in Al Mayadin, where all foods are reported available in the market; supply routes are still functional but they have been affected recently by military operations in Ar-Raqqa and in Iraq that have pushed up food prices.",3
9934,"? On November 3, the MoARD presented an updated Cadre Harmonisé analysis of the food security and nutrition situation in 16 Nigerian states, including Adamawa, Borno, and Yobe, and the Federal Capital Territory. Initial results indicate that conflict will continue to negatively affect food access, availability, and production in the three states in 2018.",3
4579,"It documents attacks by militants from January 2007 to October 2016 that have destroyed school buildings, targeted teachers and students, and terrorized parents into keeping their children out of school. These attacks have often been directed at female students and their teachers and schools, blocking girls’ access to education. The report also examines occupation of educational institutions by security forces, political groups, and criminal gangs.",2
1726,"In September 2016, the humanitarian community began negotiations with parties to the conflict to obtain approval for a medical evacuation and assistance plan that would allow the delivery of medicines into the city and the evacuation of civilians.  WHO developed a full package of operational documents for medical ",5
4912,Sanitation issues like lack of toilets have delayed the official handover of Gologota market at Area 23 in Lilongwe.,11
4481,"With the upsurge in violence, the recruitment and use of children by armed groups increased by 50 per cent between 2016 and 2017 and, due to insecurity, approximately one in four children is out of school.",9
3522,"Borrowing money for food, to cover health expenses and pay rent continues to be extremely common, with almost nine out of every 10 refugees saying they are in debt. This underlines the vulnerabilities facing most Syrian refugees in Lebanon.",5
4467,"According to the IPC, Famine (IPC Phase 5) is likely ongoing in Leer. However, large-scale humanitarian assistance in South Central Unity has likely mitigated the most severe food security outcomes. Given past access constraints, in a scenario in which large scale assistance does not reach the population in need, Famine (IPC Phase 5) is also possible in Koch and Mayendit between now and July 2017. Food security is expected to improve slightly by November 2017, which is the harvest season. ",3
251,"January saw an increase in the national average retail price of white maize (5 percent) relative to December in Gorongoza, a prime maize market in Mozambique. In January 2017, prices dropped by 3.4 percent and remain at ALPS Crisis mode standing 160 percent above its November 5 year average (Figure 6).",3
346,"Although during the last seven days (24 – 30 May 2017) the daily average number of cases (i.e. 2 777 cases/day) decreased compared to the previous seven-day period (i.e. 3 369 cases/day), the outbreak doesn’t seem to have reached yet its peak2 . This trend can be seen in most of the affected governorates.",4
620,"A section of South Sudan students in Kenya are asking for the Kenyan Government's protection claiming they have received threats from their home government.Ayuel Malek, the leader of South Sudan Students Association in Kenya (SSSAK), says he started receiving threats after an aborted meeting on May 12.The meeting was set to be between the students, the South Sudanese Embassy in Kenya and South Sudan Opposition leaders and aimed at grooming the students on leadership skills as well as discussing the unending political unrest in their country.Malek said that since that day, he has been receiving life threatening calls and he was been accused of mobilizing his fellow students against the top leadership in South Sudan.",9
7796,"Eritrea’s investments are starting to pay off : Over 9,000 hectares of degraded forest and woodland have been restored through terracing of hillsides, construction of check-dams, and planting of 2,300,000 tree seedlings. About 17,000 households benefit from climate-smart agriculture measures, and production has more than doubled in certain areas.",0
4199,"Cereal prices increased significantly and atypically in November, when main season harvests typically contribute to seasonal declines in prices. Between October and November 2017, sorghum and millet prices increased between 10 and 40 percent across most markets. Field reports indicate delays in harvests of staple cereals, and farmers’ prioritization of cash crop harvests over cereal harvests, may have contributed to these increases.",3
3881,"We are consistently getting reports of army attacks on civilian populations, burning villages down, killing men, women and children, and this is leading people to flee for their lives.",9
446,Engagement with development actors and the creation of livelihood opportunities need to be further explored to help foster social cohesion among both refugees and host communities. ,5
7126,"For IDPs in and out of camps, there is a need for replacement of degraded tents / adequate shelters, summer seasonal assistance and fuel for cooking.",7
8980,"Over 200 million women and girls across the world have been subjected to female genital mutilation, while three million are estimated to be at risk each year.Women fleeing FGM find abuse in Libya.But then in Libya she was caught in a nine-month-long nightmare, in which she experienced repeated abuse and witnessed the killings of people detained with her.",9
2409,"Since the beginning of the Coastal El Niño event, the number of affected people has further increased and now stands at 1 117 533 persons (from which 156 420 have been left homeless), along with 4 360 km of roads destroyed, 35 284 collapsed and/or inhabitable houses, 603 health facilities and 1 805 education institutions affected.According to recent assessments, around 567 000 persons are without water and sanitation services in the departments of Tumbes, Piura, Lambayeque, La Libertad, and Ancash and at least 22 584 persons are living in shelters (informal / spontaneous) without services. The protection sector is of great concern.The Government of Peru is preparing a National Emergency Plan soon to be released, while the UN is preparing a Flash Appeal.",10
8137,"Cooking fuel and vehicle fuel were almost completely unavailable in Derna. KIs also reported widespread shortages of fresh vegetables, fruits, milk, flour, tomato paste and many types of meat.",8
6416,"In Haiti, the number of young people, especially women and girls, who report experiencing sexual and gender based violence (SBGV), is alarmingly high, especially in the highly populated capital city Port-au-Prince. But despite its scale, the issue is still commonly overlooked. SGBV is also likely underreported due to stigma and shame, as well as fear of reprisal from perpetrators or from the community.",9
3608,"He added that the communities at Lhezene, Chalucuane and Chiduacine have begun to evacuate their livestock, protecting their animals from the approaching flood. This evacuation, he added, was entirely voluntary, following the warning messages that the INGC and other bodies have transmitted to the communities. ",1
8868,"Currently, 420,674 children aged 6 to 59 months and 39,068 pregnant and breastfeeding mothers in Kenya require urgent treatment for acute malnutrition. More than 3.4million need urgent aid, up from 2.7million in January 2017.",8
5168," Poor and late rainfall: until April 2016, four districts out of six still recorded rainfall below the average over the last 20 years whereas good rainfall has been recorded since April 2016 in the districts of Ambovombe and Amboasary but came too late to save the crops that should have been harvested in June 2016. (Figure 1. Rainfall from January to July 2016). As a consequence, maize, cassava, and rice production decreased by as much as 95% compared with the levels obtained in 2015.",3
8898,"An estimated 74,000 to 75,000 people are expected to contract dengue this year and more deaths are likely now that infection has increased among younger individuals. Those with chronic diseases and those between 15 and 24 years of age are considered to be at particular risk.The DDC is recommending citizens take proper precautions against mosquito bites as well as help to eradicate breeding grounds for mosquitoes. Three actions are suggested; cleaning of one’s home, proper disposal of waste and garbage and stowing away of water receptacles where mosquitoes can breed. The actions protect against dengue, the Zika virus and other mosquito borne infections. Information can be found by contacting the DDC on its hotline 1422.",4
1084,"On the Kenya-Sudan border, refugees and locals vie for limited resources. 'Trading with refugees is all we have left,' she said. 'But it is fewer and farther in between. The refugees are making their own coals now, leaving us with nothing.'Alice's family has lost most of its animals in recent weeks. They've built a shelter not far from the UN-sponsored refugee camp, hoping to receive food and water.'We don't know much about the refugees,' Alice said. 'But we feel they are taking our land from us and polluting our water.' ",9
9206,The ISF conducted search operations in Jazerat Hadetha along the border between Anbar and Salah al-Din into the Al-Rutba desert between 23 November and 3 December. Some 77 villages north of Rawa and south of Hadhar district were reportedly targeted for security sweeps,9
2042,"On May 21, UNICEF reported that 3.5 million school-aged children in Iraq are not currently attending school, leaving them at increased risk of child labor, early marriage, and recruitment into armed or extremist groups. The UNICEF-supported report, “Child Poverty in Iraq” reported that 20% of “poor” children who dropped out before completing primary school did so due to economic hardship, noting that displaced children are affected the most. Nearly 40% of displaced families are affected by poverty as there are few employment or income-generating opportunities in displacement camps. The report also concluded that 90% of children in areas “heavily-affected” by violence are not attending school. UNICEF Regional Director for the Middle East and North Africa, Geert Cappelaere, stated “Children in Iraq are suffering from protracted periods of conflict. Without equitable access to quality education, children are at risk: we are talking about losing a generation of children,” adding “Investing in education is meeting a fundamental human right for every boy and girl, and is essential for a country’s development and is the best possible medicine against extremism.” UNICEF requested US$ 32 million to supports its education programs in Iraq for 2017, of which only half has been funded.    ",9
8924,"42 new cases in eastern Sudan Another cholera patient died in El Gedaref on Saturday. 42 new cases were recorded in various parts of the eastern Sudanese state.The federal health authorities continue to deny the presence of cholera. The Health Ministry acknowledged a “watery diarrhoea epidemic” in eastern Sudan and Khartoum early this year. It reported in February that more than 300 patients were recorded in El Gedaref, Red Sea, and Khartoum states, but did not announce clear measures to contain the disease. ",4
2242,"Safe zones and areas also suffer from the same problems faced by camps for internally displaced persons. Residents may not be able to access work or their farms, for example, and so will be dependent on assistance for food, water, and other services, including health care. Women may face greater sexual violence due to overcrowding and tense social dynamics, and to having to venture outside for work, water, firewood, or other reasons. UN peacekeepers or others in control might not have the capabilities to enforce law and order.   ",9
4159,"Bayan Tazaku Community -Education -A very small minority of the IDP children attend formal education at the Bolori Primary School. Most families do not have the resources to afford sending their children to school. Instead, they are sent to sell water sachets or beg to constribute to houseohld incomes.",2
5107,"Given that Bangui itself struggles with electricity and water shortages, the university is not exempt from these hassles. Notwithstanding a lack of facilities and resources, most classroom windows at the Department of Technology are broken. The walls are chipped, and paint is peeling off most buildings. Hollow air conditioner shells litter the upper floors.",2
8969,"Overall, DFSNs anticipate that the food security situation will deteriorate during the period of mid-November 2016 to mid-March 2017. Because winter crops (wheat and barley) will only be harvested in April-May households may experience a transitory food gap during the months of February to April as household stocks of paddy will have been depleted by then. DFSNs forecasted that during mid-November 2016 to mid-March 2017 no VDCs are likely to be classified as severely food insecure (Phase 4); the number of VDCs likely to be classified as highly food insecure (Phase 3) will increase to 46 (from 31 currently); and the number of VDCs likely to be classified as moderately food insecure (Phase 2) will also increase to 179 (from 175 currently). ",3
11081,"Human wildlife conflicts continued affecting food security in Baringo, Laikipia and Taita Taveta during the month under review.  ",3
3401,"Supply of water has increased over last 6 weeks with some improvement in the quality of water at the source. According to the Needs and Population Monitoring Survey no. 7 published at the end of December 2017, 86% of all locations report that half or less of the population has access to sufficient water to meet the basic needs. However, as per the 3rd water quality monitoring surveillance, 81% of the water samples collected (1 108) from household were found to be contaminated with E.coli. Many of the water sources built in the early phase of the response were shallow and constructed close to latrines, which increases their risk of being contaminated. The sanitary toilets need de-slugging and some of them even need de-commissioning.At household level, practices around purification of drinking water at ‘Point-of Use’ are still inadequate. Soap for handwashing is scarce, and boiling drinking water is uncommon. All these factors present a high risk of household water contamination",11
9085,"After months of media blockade, journalists were finally able to access Yemen again between March and May this year. At present, members of the media are officially allowed to travel on the UN flights. But how many more times journalists will be refused entry remains unknown. Not all crews will have the resources to make alternative arrangements to enter Yemen.",9
1110,"In November, two months after the official start of the 2017 – 2018 school year, 567 schools remain closed due to insecurity, which prevents safe access to schools for both children and teachers.",2
189,"In the large maize-producing northern provinces of Cabo Delgado and Nampula, cumulative rainfall levels between October 2016 and February 2017 were below average. Although the rainfall deficits are not expected to result in significant crop losses, the reduced seasonal precipitation is likely to constrain yields.",0
4018,"Central Darfur : Camps in Central Darfur recorded five deaths caused by cholera between Saturday and Monday. The single isolation centre in Lebei in East Jebel Marra is treating 210 patients with choleraIn the same period Hassahissa camp recorded three dead and seven new infection cases South Darfur:n East Jebel Marra locality in South Darfur, the medical isolation centre of Lebei has recorded 210 cases of cholera on Saturday and Sunday. Sennar: The isolation unit of the Singa Hospital in Sennar received four new cholera patients on Saturday and Sunday, a health worker reported.",4
3992,"Three (3) new cases of circulating vaccine-derived poliovirus type 2 (cVDPV2) were reported for Epi week 32 from three new districts: 1 case from Deir-ez-Zor District, Deir-ez-Zor Governorate; 1 from Boukamal District, Deir-ez-Zor Governorate; and 1 from Tadmour District, Homs Governorate. Five districts in three governorates are now infected. As of 15 August, the total number of cVDPV2 cases is 33.",11
8870,"According to latest health data analysis, cholera transmission has been on the decline countrywide. However, during July and August, at least six counties including Budi, Juba, Kapoeta East, Kapoeta South, Mayom, and Nyirol, have registered cholera transmission.",4
10264, Some parts of Northern Province were yesterday hit by an earthquake of magnitude 5.9 leaving five people injured and 11 families homeless after their houses collapsed yesterday.,10
1832,"Barbuda? ?Interview with Prime Minister Brown - 1 infant died, estimate 95% of structures damaged and 60% of population of 1,800 is homeless. Search and rescue underway, no additional fatalities at this time but search and rescue is in progress. Cell tower on Barbuda snapped in half. Ham radio destroyed. Need for satellite phones on the island. One satellite phone has been provided, need more. Airport is damaged preventing its use to land fixed wing. Planning on delivering aid and supplies via helicopter. May need to evacuate the island if Jose continues threat. No mandatory evac order yet. Barbuda is literally uninhabitable. There is no power, no water, now telecommunications, no WhatsAPP. There is an issue of food and water. and in moving goods for relief efforts, may need additional boat(s). Relief efforts will begin Sep 8th.",10
2824,"Abdelkarim Mohamed Saleh, a youth leader of Atbara and Setit, told Radio Dabanga that the administration of the dams has failed to compensate the farmers for the agricultural land estimated at 11,000 acres confiscated for the resettlement of those affected.  He said that there was only temporary compensation for a limited number of farmers in El Beja project which is estimated at 3,000 acres. ",0
7200,There is limited knowledge in the detection and control of the deadlier pneumonic form. Outbreaks of pneumonic plague are very rare and require specific expertise to ensure adequate response. ,4
9303,"Parents are becoming increasingly unable to provide for their families, and interviews conducted by IRIN suggest some are opting to marry their daughters off younger than planned, reversing previous progress towards ending the practice.",9
9874,"Situation Overview and Humanitarian Needs   On 26 February 2018, Papua New Guinea was struck by a 7.5 magnitude earthquake – the first of several major quakes of 6.0 or greater magnitude and more than 190 ongoing tremors to shake the country. The earthquakes caused devastating landslides and widespread destruction across the four provinces of Hela, Southern Highlands, Western Province and Enga. Families lost their homes, water sources, health facilities and the subsistence family farms/gardens they relied on for food. According to the inter-agency Disaster Management Team (DMT) response plan, 544,000 people (with 46 percent children under 18) were affected and need humanitarian assistance. An estimated 270,000 people, including 125,000 children are in immediate need of life-saving assistance.   Meanwhile, since 28 March, access to Tari, capital of Hela Province, has been difficult and humanitarian operations are suspended due to inter-communal fighting. According to preliminary UN estimates, an estimated 40,500 people (48 per cent females) in nineteen villages have been affected.   Access to clean water, food, sanitation, nutrition and health services remain immediate concerns. The latest available data from the Displacement Tracking Matrix (DTM) shows that over 11,000 households (approximately 55,200 people) remain displaced due to the earthquake. The displaced people are residing in informal communal shelters without adequate water and sanitation facilities. Out of 86 health facilities in Hela and Southern Highlands provinces, seven in Hela and 11 in Southern Highlands are severely damaged, and 26 and 21 respectively have no water. Most of the health facilities in the affected areas are now open but are not fully operational due to damages and because many of the health workers, who were affected by the earthquake, themselves require assistance. Some centres also close from time to time due to surrounding conflict.   Most of the rainwater collection systems were severely damaged and water in open streams is now a common source, which is mostly contaminated. Health facilities are reporting an increasing number of acute watery diarrhoea cases attributed to lack of access to clean drinking water and hygiene. Low immunization coverage and malnutrition existed prior to the earthquake, with several provinces in the highlands region already facing malaria and measles outbreaks. The situation has further deteriorated after the earthquake, with a high risk of water-borne and vaccine-preventable disease outbreaks and increased malnutrition, if the emergency response is not urgently scaled up.   Half of the children under five years are stunted, and some 15 per cent are ‘wasted’ (HIES, 2009/2010). There is a pre- existing national average SAM case load of 2.6 per cent. A Nutrition in Emergency (NiE) response conducted between May-October 2016 following the El Nino drought in four LLGs (including Upper Wage LLG, Wage Rural LLG, Kandep LLG, Pilikambi Rural LLG) determined that 4 per cent of nearly 20,000 children screened were identified as and treated for SAM. All life-saving nutrition-specific interventions in the country are supported by UNICEF. There are currently no programs for moderate acute malnutrition (MAM) in PNG, which further adds to a deterioration in the nutrition situation of children in the affected areas. Limited capacity of implementing partners on the ground adds to these challenges. Scaling-up of life-saving nutrition services and building the capacity of implementing partners is one of UNICEF’s key priorities.   The Department of Education conducted a preliminary assessment of 195 schools out of total 1,219 (16 per cent) in the affected areas and found 100 schools (51 per cent) are partially damage, and five (3 per cent) are completely damaged. The damage to school infrastructure includes classrooms, toilets, teacher’s houses and teaching and learning equipment. However, this might not be a representative sample and the true extent of damages is not yet known. Based on this preliminary assessment, over 15,000 children and their teachers need support to resume classes as normal. Most of the partially damaged schools have now re-opened but not all children have returned due to continuing aftershocks and fears that the buildings are not safe.   In some villages, families continue to sleep outside their houses or temporary shelters due to fear for their lives and further destruction by earthquakes and aftershocks. Some families will not be able to return to their villages, because of   2    the complete destruction of their homes by landslides, and will have to be re-located, which is likely to take some time. One coping strategy has been to send family members to the homes of various relatives, which often results in children being separated from their parents or other caregivers they are accustomed to. Consequently, children suffer increased stress and trauma, which could pose long-term negative impacts on their development, learning and well-being.   Access to the affected areas is a huge challenge due to lack of roads and ongoing conflict. Given this context, so far, no comprehensive needs assessments have been able to be carried out and therefore availability of reliable information for humanitarian programming is limited. To address this information gap, UNICEF has been focussing on increasing its field presence to reach the most difficult areas and engaging with the local institutions to better assess the most urgent needs. The Resident Coordinator’s Office has asked the clusters to be present in the affected areas and make sure information sharing on the situation and needs is improved.   Estimated Population Affected and in Need of Humanitarian Assistance  ",1
11151,"MEASLES  Italy has reported 158 cases since the previous report on 13 October 2017. In 2017, as of 31 October, Italy has reported 4 775 cases, including four deaths. Of these cases, 312 are healthcare workers. The median age is 27 years; 88% of the cases were not vaccinated and 6% received only one dose of vaccine. In 2016, Italy reported 862 cases during the year (source: TESSy).",4
6373,"The energy crisis worsened dramatically during the second quarter, as a result of a PA decision in May to reduce payments for electricity from the Israel Electricity Company for supplies to Gaza by around 33 per cent. By the end of June, Palestinians in Gaza were receiving only four to six hours of electricity per day, on average. The longer blackouts are having a pervasive impact on all aspects of life in the Gaza Strip, undermining basic services and generating serious public health concerns. Critical facilities have maintained minimal operations with emergency fuel provided by humanitarian agencies to run backup generators and vehicles. Nevertheless, services at 14 public hospitals, 18 NGO hospitals and health facilities, and 70 primary healthcare facilities have reduced, with some facing partial closure. Over 300 pieces of sensitive medical equipment have been damaged by electricity shortfalls and uctuations, reducing Palestinian access to critical",4
8956,"Between late August and early September, a significant group of non-Iraqi nationals (approximately 1,500 foreign women and children) fled from Telafar, along with a group of Iraqi IDPs. After having undergone security screening in various locations by different security actors, they were initially transported to Hamman Al-Alil (HAA) transit site in southern Ninewa. On 17 September, they were relocated en-masse and without notice by Iraqi authorities from HAA transit site, to a detention facility in Telkaif, 12 km north east of Mosul city, thus denying them access to humanitarian actors. Since then, the foreign women and children remain in detention in Telafar and are held in dire conditions with no immediate resolution in sight. They also lack adequate shelter, which is of particular concern with the onset of the winter. The Iraq authorities have stated they are planning to move the group to a detention facility in Baghdad, but no date for this transfer has been provided to UNHCR or other humanitarian actors",9
9500,"More than 4.5 million people require shelter/non-food items (NFIs) assistance, and support to self-management of collective centres in which they are living. Of these people, 3.9 million are in acute need. Large numbers of displaced persons are still living in conditions that heighten their vulnerabilities such as in the open, in unfinished buildings, in substandard shelters, schools and other public facilities, and in overcrowded settings. The protracted conflict is stretching affected people’s coping capacity beyond their limits, and the resilience of host communities is steadily deteriorating.",10
9191,"The head of the Pharmaceutical Federation of Venezuela, Freddy Ceballos, said that the ten million doses of medicines that arrived in the country won’t be enough to cover all of our needs. To illustrate the shortage of medicines, Ceballos, explained the drop in the index of annual doses: in a year, it fell from 740 million units to 264 million. There’s an 85% shortage of medicines and no antibiotics for children came in this shipment.",4
6983,"Food access continues to be severely constrained by disrupted livelihoods, reduced production and sharply-curtailed market activity",3
3677,"Since 2015, Eritrea has experienced drought conditions caused by El Niño that further undermined household food and livelihood security, particularly for women and children, and contributed to a cholera outbreak across three of the country’s six regions. These dynamics have led to high levels of malnutrition among children under 5, pregnant women and lactating mothers, particularly in the lowland areas",1
9217,? Solid waste management remains a challenge. The risk of water contamination is high due to the proximity between latrines and water sources. ,11
689,"Results of the recently concluded Long Rains food and nutrition security assessment (LRA) shows that approximately 3.4 million people are acutely food insecure due to the ongoing drought, an increase from 2.6 million in February 2017. Of this total of 3.4 million, 2.6 million are classified as experiencing Crisis and above (IPC Phase 3) outcomes, and 0.8 million are classified as being (IPC Phase 2) outcomes, with the likelihood of deteriorating into Crisis (IPC Phase 3). The impact of the drought condition is likely to deteriorate further as the country enters into the lean season.",3
7598,"The living conditions of those Palestinians who remain in the closed and restricted areas have been gradually undermined, including with regard to basic services and sources of livelihood. To reach their schools children must take long detours and face harassment by Israeli settlers, and searches at checkpoints; the access of ambulances and municipal workers is hampered due to coordination requirements by the Israeli authorities; and commercial establishments in the closed and restricted area have either closed or seen their incomes dwindle since the imposition of access restrictions.",2
7738,"With no electricity in this city of 65,000 and hospitals running short on blood and medicines to attend to more than 202 injured, on Sunday morning the Colombian government confirmed the death toll at 234.",7
4655,"“Lack of safe drinking water is the main factor which has caused the cholera outbreak at Sekeni and Allan Villages around Nchalo Trading Centre in the area of Chief Lundu,” said the PRO.",11
11590,"In Kachin and Shan, over 106,000 people remain displaced in camps or camp-like settings where temporary water and sanitation infrastructures require maintenance and operational support, including regular hygiene promotion activities. In mid-2017, the number of people with equitable and continuous access to sufficient quantity of safe drinking and domestic water was 82 per cent in Kachin and 69 per cent in Shan respectively. Similarly, only 60 per cent of the target population had access to safe and continuous sanitation facilities in Kachin and Shan. In terms of water quality in camps, 28 per cent of assessed camps in Kachin and 14 per cent in Shan were reported to have contamination with e-coli presence. This indicates further needs for water treatment and hygiene promotion in the assessed camps. Over six years of protracted displacementhas caused renewed needs with majority WASH facilities/ structures in camps requiring significant care and maintenance to ensure that minimum standards are met. In areas beyond the Government control, restricted movements pose significant challenges for delivery of essential services and monitoring.",11
3463,The price of imported rice also decreased or remained stable across all WFP monitored markets in Borno and Yobe. Abba Ganaram and Bullumkutu markets had the highest decrease of 10% to 14%.,3
9761,"Taste was the main issue with the water in 12 per cent of sites, suspended solids were found in water sources in 5 per cent of sites and in 3 per cent of sites odor was the main issue.In host communities, water was reported as being potable in 66 per cent of sites, while a sizable 34 per cent of sites reported that drinking water was not potable. Taste was the main issue at most sites (24%), followed by suspended particles in 6 per cent of sites and odor in 4 per cent of sites.",11
4788,"Refugee caseload continues to put additional pressure on local food supplies • As of end-June 2017, about 52 000 Malian refugees remain in southeastern Mauritania in the Mbeera camp. • Over 281 000 people are estimated to be in Phase 3: “Crisis” and above, according to the last “Cadre Harmonisé” analysis.",3
9441,"The total people in need of protection interventions and activities are over 900,000 ",9
9712,"Water provision remains critically low in Monguno as only approximately 15 per cent of the 80,000 IDPs present have access to water as per agreed standards.",11
916,"Three separate fires on Sunday and Monday caused the destruction of dozens of houses in two camps for displaced people and a cotton production site in Darfur and El Gedaref.  A fire broke out in Kalma camp in South Darfur on Sunday, destroying 51 houses. Dozens of families are left in the open without shelter, a Sheikh in the camp reported.",10
2521,"Sabratah, approximately 80 kilometres west of Tripoli, is one of the main departure points for migrant boats attempting to make the perilous journey across the Mediterranean Sea to Europe.IOM fears that the number of migrants affected by recent developments in Sabratah will continue to rise. Throughout the day migrants have arrived both in Zuwara and Sabratah, some of whom have walked for hours. This week IOM has received reports of some 2,000 migrants travelling by foot from Sabratah to Zuwara and are now also in dire need of humanitarian assistance.Some of the current identified needs include milk and diapers for babies, and water and food. IOM’s emergency food intervention in Sabratah continues.",11
1842,"As at 12 March, 295,950 people are reported to have been affected, including 84,660 who are displaced. The number of deaths due to the storm has risen to 50 with 20 peoplemissing and 195 injured. The National Office for Disaster Risk and Management (BNGRC) and the Humanitarian Country Team (HCT) have activated the Multi-Hazard NationalContingency Plan 2016/2017.",9
1005,"Currently, upwards of 150,000 refugees are estimated to be living in areas that are at high risk of floods and/or landslides. UNHCR, WFP and IOM continue to undertake emergency preparedness work through the Site Management Engineering Project (SMEP), which is a joint initiative to enhance monsoon preparedness and response. SMEP activities currently include earthworks and other engineering projects to ensure conditions for the safe relocation of refugees whose shelters are at risk of flooding, landslides, or both.",10
8394,"Over 1.62 million people were relocated across the province, and more than 470,000 need urgent living aid. A total of 53,000 homes collapsed, 68,000 homes were seriously damaged, and over 280,000 homes were partially damaged.",10
8749,"Cumulatively, 7,386 cholera cases including 243 deaths (74 facilities and 169 community) (CFR 3.29%) have been reported in South Sudan (Figs 19.2&19.3; Table 4.2) • Active transmission currently reported in Yirol East, Yirol West, Awerial; Duk; Ayod, Fangak, Pigi, Kodok, and Mayom (Figs 19.2&19.3; Table 4.2). • During the reporting period, cholera was confirmed in three samples from Yirol East (1) and Yirol West (2) • A total of 18 counties in 10 (31%) of 32 states countrywide have confirmed cholera outbreaks (Figs 19.2&19.3; Table 4.2).",4
4201,"Around 2,400 homes were damaged or destroyed in Hinthada Township, Ayeyawady Region, according to an announcement by the General Administrative Department.It said that turbulent winds on April 17th and 18th which affected six townships in the Hinthada District.Strong winds also damaged over 900 houses in Moenyo Township, Bago (west) region on April 18th and those affected still require emergency aids.“We already need emergency aid. Over 900 houses out of 955 were damaged while the roofs of the rest are blown away. We submitted a damage report to the Ministry of Social Welfare, Relief and Resettlement. We have received donations from the CSOs and well-wishers can contact us if they wanted to donate. Strong winds occur in our region in the past frequently though not as severe. We are working on obtaining accurate damages done list and more relief aid,” said MP Kyaw Myo Win from Moenyo Township.",10
11080,"Enumerators mentioned that hygiene NFIs and shelter items to seal off damaged buildings are in greatest demand. IDPs identified their needs as follows: o Shelter (22 respondents, 79%) o Safety and Security (3 respondents, 11%) o Food (1 respondent, 4%) ",3
5590,"An infestation of armyworms, a pest that has hit maize fields in southern Africa, has spread across Malawi, a senior government official said on Tuesday.  'The armyworms have now spread affecting all the 28 districts (and) threatening the crop for this year ...we are prepared and we will put it under control,' Erica Maganga, principal secretary in the ministry of agriculture, told Reuters.",3
9155,"“There aren’t even enough first aid supplies here,” says Shehab.",4
10672,"By all indications, the numbers of those displaced should have plateaued, but evacuation centers are overcrowded and ill-equipped to address the residents’ existing needs. Ongoing rain in some areas have further compounded overcrowding because of flooding in and around the evacuation centers. Unofficial evacuation centers have been established to house additional individuals but there is a possibility that they will not receive support because of their ‘unofficial’ status. No current information disaggregates numbers by gender or age, but a disproportionate number of those in evacuation centers are reported to be women and children.",10
1522,"Land confiscation In the years since the preliminary ceasefire agreement was signed between the Karen National Union (KNU) and the Burma/Myanmar government, land confiscation has remained a major issue in all districts across Karen State. The land confiscation incidents reported by KHRG community members in Toungoo District in 2015 were predominantly perpetrated by businesses,[2] Tatmadaw,[3] and the Burma/Myanmar government.[4] These groups give permission, or directly sell, to companies such as Kaung Myanmar Aung[5] and Shwe Swan In,[6] to carry out business activities on land traditionally used and possessed by local villagers in rural areas, including land on which the villagers previously held land titles. Livelihood impacts caused by this land confiscation, such as losing vocational work, are compounding; they lead to further problems, such as inability to pay for the cost of education or healthcare. ",5
2776,"Bangladesh is pushing ahead with a controversial plan to relocate tens of thousands of Rohingya refugees from Myanmar to a remote island, despite warnings it is uninhabitable and prone to flooding.",9
2686,"11 schools are yet to be recovered in the municipalities of Maisí, Baracoa e Imías, out of a total of 280 that suffered damages.",2
1245,"The rains damaged the power supply system, uprooted many electric poles and big trees, besides damaging many homes, crops and various properties in different parts of the four northeastern states – Mizoram, Tripura, Manipur and Nagaland, the officials sai",10
3640,"As part of phase one, a SARC convoy delivered aid to the Yarmouk camp on April 23 for the first time since 2015. An estimated 11,000 fighters and civilians left besieged Kufraya and al-Fuaa in the first two convoys the same month. In return, 3,900 fighters and civilians from Madaya and Zabadani in Outer Damascus left for rebel-held Idlib province.",1
5905,"In the Dominican Republic, one province has been placed on red alert, nine provinces on yellow alert and eight provinces on green alert over flash flooding, rise in river levels and landslides. 77 communities are without communications. A total of 17 560 displaced families (approximately 88 000 people) are currently hosted by friends or family.",11
8835,"In Rwanda, which hosts 87,493 Burundian refugees — the second largest host after Tanzania — only 16 per cent of the $82.9 million needed for 2017 has been remitted.“Refugees continue to live in overcrowded and congested camps, facing insecurity, deterioration of emergency shelters, shortages of water and food, and oversubscribed health and education services,” said Catherine Wiesner, UNHCR’s regional refugee co-ordinator for Burundi.“Many refugee hosting areas are at risk of communicable diseases, including, malaria and acute diarrhoea. Because we keep on receiving new arrivals that means the needs are increasing every day.”In Mahama, the largest refugee camp in Rwanda, the impact of the huge gap in funding is evident as UNHCR struggles to meet minimum standards for refugees.Martina Pomeroy, the external relations officer of UNHCR Rwanda, told The EastAfrican that a quarter of the refugees in Rwanda live under plastic sheeting in overcrowded hangars.“We are struggling to meet even the most basic needs of refugees such as ensuring adequate shelter, enough water for drinking and hygiene, basic sanitation, and other life-saving needs,” she said.",10
9875,"Week 10 (6-12 March) 1 case of cholera, 56 cases of measles from 21 districts, 136944 cases of malaria with 55 deaths, 1385 cases of typhoid. One cholera case was reported from Nebbi district.The total number of malaria cases reported this week were 136,944 with 55 deaths (CFR 0.04%). Analysis of malaria trends showed that the number of suspect malaria cases in the epidermic districts was still above the normal channel. 1,385 cases of typhoid fever cases from 92 districts. 44 from Kotido.",4
11683,"between mid-August 2016 and 9 June 2017 about 16,600 suspected cases of Acute Watery Diarrhoea (AWD) were reported in Sudan, including 317 deaths (case fatality ratio is 1.9 per cent).Overall 79 localities in 12 states are affected, including Kassala, Blue Nile, River Nile, Gezira, Sennar, Khartoum, Gedarif, Red Sea, Northern, White Nile, South Kordofan, and North Kordofan. The outbreak is currently active in Gedarif, White Nile, Khartoum, Sennar, Nile River, North Kordofan, South Kordofan and Gezira states.",4
10132,"Malnutrition rates increase. The camp specific Global Acute Malnutrition (GAM) rates have doubled from 1% in 2016 to 2.2% for Nyarugusu, from 2.4% in 2016 to 6.1% in 2017 for Nduta and from 3.5% to 4.4% in 2017 for Mtendeli camp respectively. The prevalence of stunting remains a challenge and ranges between 40% to 55% across the three camps, which is above the emergency threshold of less than 40%.",8
3332,"A measles outbreak that erupted recently has greatly declined, as reactive mass vaccination campaigns take effect. The weekly case incidence is down by 68 per cent over the last three weeks. Some 242 cases were reported in the week ending on 14 April from a peak of 746 in mid-March. Twenty- two health districts had reached the epidemic threshold of three confirmed cases in a health district in a week. The outbreak, which reportedly started in 2016, was formally notified and declared by the National Agency for Health Security on 8 February. Extensive immunization campaigns are being undertaken targeting more than 1 million children aged 6 months to 10 years. The vaccination campaign in N’zerekore health district, the worst affected, ended on 19 March and the disease trend is now waning.   ",4
11922,"At least 34.100, people are reported to be displaced and living in informal camps or other evacuation facilities, often without adequate water and sanitation",11
11174,"Syrian refugees on the waiting list report rent, utilities, health, debt repayment, and food as their most common monthly expense. Rent continues to be the most expensive, costing an average of 126 JOD per month, followed by food (81 JOD per month), debt repayment (49 JOD per month), health expenses (40 JOD per month), and utilities (32 JOD per month).",1
6791,"18.8 million (72 percent of population) in need of humanitarian assistance 2017 Yemen Humanitarian Response Plan  17 million food insecure, including 6.8 million severely food insecure Integrated Food Security Phase Classification (IPC) March 2017  2 million internally displaced and 1 million returnees HCT Task Force on Population Movement, 12th Report, January 2017  111,504 refugee and migrant arrivals in Yemen from the Horn of Africa in Jan-Dec 2016",3
8673,Lean season until March 2017. IPC 1 predicted in August 2017,3
5995,"The poultry sector is on brink of disintegration. Given the high investment in this sector, its collapse will affect livelihoods of many in the countryt poultry farmers are selling their productive flocks to minimize further losses. In addition, around 50 percent of the hatching eggs are not going to the hatcheries. Losses are further exacerbated by the high cost of poultry inputs that are 100 percent imported. As the worst hit sector by the ongoing economic crisis, its collapse– in view of the high investment – will considerably affect livelihoods. ",5
2816,"8735 new refugees have been registered since 25 August, while the media reports that another 20 000 are still at the border in the 'no-man’s land'. Although the border is officially closed, some refugees (elderly, women, children) are being allowed in on humanitarian grounds.  ?Humanitarian and government agencies are providing emergency support, mainly tarpaulins, food, water, clothes. Shelter is the main concern, but space is restricted and there are no WASH facilities in the area. Health, including psychological support, medivacs/ambulance are also priority needs.  ?Given that fighting is continuing in North Rakhine, the influx of refugees is likely to increase in the coming days.",11
3889,"Protection partners report that more than 90,000 people have been directly affected by evictions between January and July 2017. Of these, more than 5,000 were evicted in Baidoa during the first week of August alone, and there are fears of more evictions particularly from privately owned land on which more than 90 per cent of the over 200,000 IDPs in Baidoa region reside. In Mogadishu, over 3,000 IDPs and the urban poor were evicted from the former national printing house in Wardhiigleey district, according to IDP leaders. In Sool region, about 1,960 drought-displaced people were forcibly relocated from areas around Ainabo town by the authorities to a settlement in Ainabo town. Additionally, 108 people were evicted from an old boarding school in Las Caanod town to allow for renovations. Forced evictions have resulted in increased disruption of humanitarian investments, loss of shelter, and increased exposure to exploitation and abuse of IDPs. The displaced people do not have alternative land for relocation and many have moved into already overcrowded settlements or are roaming the streets. Negative coping strategies have been observed, including violations of basic rights of children, notably access to education and hazardous forms of child labour. Cases of gender-based violence remain underreported due to cultural norms and possible social stigmatization of survivors. Access to support services and justice for survivors remains limited due to societal constraints and a lack of capacity of actors involved.",9
3768,"26,985 IDP Children Need EiE Support --Displaced school-aged children in camps are not accessing any form of education activities due to funding gaps",2
8792,"Although the Government has allowed displaced people to return to Marawi since October 2017, thousands of families who originated from the main battle area have remained in evacuation centres and host families in Iligan City, Balo-i, Pantao, Pantao Ragat and Saguiaran municipalities due to lack of alternative transitional shelters in Marawi City. Hundreds more who are renters and sharers have nowhere else to go except in the evacuation centres. This implies upgrading and maintenance of facilities in existing formal and informal evacuation centres. Since December 2017, previously home-based families started entering the evacuation centres in Balo-i and Saguiaran after host families started complaining about depleted resources",10
10961,Most of the products sold are perishables and there are no storage facility that can prolong the shelf life of the perishables as such once they spent a night without being sold they go bad e.g cassava leaves,0
6544,"According to official data provided by COPECO, the flooding has had the following impact on Honduras • 10,564 affected households • 50,770 affected persons • 4876 evacuated households (24,691 persons) • 25 persons rescued • 1799 households in temporary shelters (9351 persons) • 5012 damaged houses • 13 totally destroyed houses. Additionally, Tropical Depression Selma formed in the Pacific at the same time as a tropical disturbance in the Atlantic according to COPECO’s National Centre of Atmospheric, Oceanographic and Seismic Studies, producing moderate to strong rains, especially in the country’s south central and western parts. ",10
6612,"As this report goes to print, families in Embobut forest, in the North Rift Valley of Kenya, are losing their homes, livelihoods, and access to cultural practices. They belong to the Sengwer Indigenous People and Embobut is their ancestral home. The Kenya Forest Service (KFS) has been carrying out forced evictions in the forest since the 1980s; however on Christmas Day 2017 it began a new campaign, burning 341 houses and leading to the killing of one Sengwer man and the hospitalisation with gunshot wounds of another. The European Union (EU) suspended €31 million ($38 million USD) of funding for a climate change mitigation project, citing concern over human rights violations in the forest.",9
7145,"As of 18 January, a cumulative total of 17 334 suspected cases of cholera, including 99 associated deaths were reported across the country, with a case-fatality rate of 0.6%.  Of these, 189 cases were laboratory-confirmed for Vibrio cholerae 01. ",4
9019,"The insulin supply chain is characterized by heavy influence on the part of the authorities. With limited funds, the state importer (Medical Supply Organisation) has been struggling to import insulin in sufficient amounts, and has thus not been able to meet the needs of the entirepopulation. Private companies have filled this void and gained a larger share of this market since 2014. The shortages in the insulin supply chain have had serious implications for patients.",4
6528,"At present, 514 people who may have been in contact with infected people have been notified by the national health authorities and are currently being monitored in Mbandaka and Bikoro.",4
1948,"Since February 2017, Fall Armyworm has affected 692,964 hectares of maize cropland (22 per cent of total area planted) across 418 districts in eight regions – mostly in surplus producing and densely populated areas. The infested area has increased by 10 per cent in the last two weeks of September alone. Up to 2.5 million hectares of maize cropland are at risk, leading to between 3 to 4 million metric tons of grain loss and 20-30 per cent reduction in the national maize production. ? Crop failure are reported in eastern Amhara, most parts of Oromia and SNNP regions due to frost and failed rains, in addition to Fall Armyworm damages in these and other parts of the country. Although in the Mid-Year Review the Government was said to be able to cover all seed requirements, the increased needs necessitate partners’ involvement for emergency seed distribution for replantation using residual moisture or irrigation schemes– in support of Government efforts to protect smallholder farmers. This will cost some $16 million",3
3044,"In the pastoral areas, from December to January, food security is expected to gradually improve in a majority of the areas with improved forage and water resources. This is likely to lead to higher income from livestock sales, particularly of goats. Even with partial pasture regeneration, livestock body conditions will steadily improve and pastoralists will start to bring their livestock back to homesteads. These improvements will be less significant and short-lived in parts of Garissa, Tana River, Wajir, Mandera, and Isiolo where rainfall and rangeland resource regeneration were below average. As a result, household purchasing power is likely to be constrained by low incomes in these areas. Improvements in wage-earning opportunities like herding, are expected to improve but remain below average, and this also applies to conception rates and calving, lambing, and kidding levels in eastern areas of the country. Through mid-April 2018, milk production is expected to largely remain below average, and with households mostly depending on markets for food access , additional income sources, such as charcoal sales and remittances, will be relied upon to meet minimum food needs. The March – May long rains, though forecasted to be below average in parts of the northeast, are likely to begin in mid-March, bringing slight improvements in forage and water resources. While the resultant impacts are likely to remain below average, livestock body conditions and milk production will still increase. In the northwest pastoral areas, livestock body conditions and production are expected to increase from mid-March through April, improving milk production and livestock-related wage-earning opportunities to average to above-average levels. A large number of households will experience improvements, even if the levels for livestock productivity and sales remain below average. The majority of poor households in pastoral areas are expected to be able to meet their minimum food needs and be in Stressed (IPC Phase 2). However, in areas in the east that will likely experience another poor rainy season, like parts of Isiolo, additional parts of Tana River, and vulnerable households in Mandera, Wajir, and Garissa, Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes are expected to persist through May.",3
5727,"The  estimated  number  of  returnees  to  eastern  Mosul  city  ranges  between  90,000  and  105,000 people, as of the end of April, amounting to at least half of those who earlier fled. UNHCR reports that over 50,000 people have left IDP camps to return to their homes in eastern Mosul  city  and  surrounds  between  the  end  of  2016  and  the  beginning  of  April  2017. Reasons  for  return  include reuniting  with  families,  employment  opportunities,  enrolling children in schools, and resuming a normal life.In  addition,  Iraqi  authorities  have  also reported that people are fleeing  to  eastern  neighbourhoods from the west of the city. Government numbers indicate that over 17,000 people fled western Mosul for the east of the city in the last week of April alone. A large proportion  of  people  fleeing  Tel  Afar  are  also  choosing  to  take  shelter  with  friends  and  family in east Mosul.As the population of eastern Mosul city grows, needs have become more complex: newly-displaced  people  require  humanitarian  assistance,  while  returning  families  and  resident  and host communities need longer-term livelihood support",3
5281,"An Intercluster assessment mission visited 14 villages, of which 10 are on the islands south of Bol, where no humanitarian assistance has been provided to date. The mission estimated the affected population in visited areas at nearly 40,000 people, 30% of whom are school-aged children. As urgent humanitarian needs were identified (no access to drinking water and sanitation, malnutrition and food insecurity, lack of basic services), UNICEF is preparing a response plan to tackle them.",3
6128,"In 2017, UNHCR received reports from 622 survivors of sexual and gender-based violence (SGBV) on the Greek Aegean islands, out of which at least 28 per cent experienced SGBV after arriving in Greece. Women reported inappropriate behaviour, sexual harassment and attempted sexual attacks as the most common forms of SGBV.",9
1604,"The decrease in acute malnutrition prevalence among IDPs in Baidoa (GAM from 29.4 % to 15.1% and SAM from 10.4 % to 3.5 % since June 2017) reflect a statistically significant improvement (P=0.000). Crude Death Rate (CDR) and Under- Five Death Rate (U5DR) have also declined from >1/10 000/day and >2/10 000/day reported in June 2017 (Gu) to <1/10 000/ day and <2/10 000/day, respectively, in 2017 Deyr (November). This is mainly attributed declined morbidity and Acute Watery Diarrhea (AWD) outbreaks and the impact of sustained humanitarian interventions. However, GAM prevalence among Baidoa IDPs remains Critical. Potential contributing factors include a high proportion of household with poor food consumption, experiencing hunger and trying to cope with food shortage. Immunization and vitamin A supplementation status are also low among children in Baidoa IDP settlement.",8
1240," Between the 1st and the 17th of February 2017, Heal Zimbabwe recorded a total of 31 violations. All the violations fell in three categories, threats of violence (intimidation), forced contributions/attendance to political gatherings and partisan distribution of food aid. The highest violations involved intimidation characterised by threats of violence, withdrawal from food aid beneficiation recording 76% of the total violations followed by 18% of forced financial contributions towards the 21st Birthday celebrations of the Head of State and Government, President Mugabe. The district recording highest violations was Muzarabani and Mwenezi with 6 and 5 violation cases, respectively.",9
10090," He also said that the province's Bangsapan district hospital was flooded last night, forcing the authorities to evacuate the patients to higher floors and to nearby hospitals.",6
5407,"Total cereal imports requirements in 2017 are forecast to increase from last year’s already high level. The increase is mainly driven by the unfavourable prospects for the 2017 rice production. Imports of wheat, which is not produced domestically, are anticipated to remain at last year’s high level of 1.2 million tonnes, reflecting strong domestic demand.",0
1795,"However, many have returned to find their houses burned and their possessions looted, and continue to face risks of insecurity, malnutrition and health problems.",5
11655,"The status of future imports is not the only driver of concern for extreme levels of acute food insecurity and malnutrition in Yemen. Additional factors include increased conflict, significantly reduced economic activity leading to low household income and purchasing power, and the ongoing diphtheria and cholera outbreaks. Even in the absence of additional disruptions, FEWS NET expects large areas of the country to remain in Crisis (IPC Phase 3!) as large-scale provision of food assistance to 6-8 million people each month prevents a deterioration to worse levels. However, large populations within these areas will continue to face Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes as emergency food assistance likely covers less than half of those in need. Food security for some populations may deteriorate to Catastrophe (IPC Phase 5) as they begin to face an extreme lack of food and other basic needs.",3
7338,"Khartoum and a number of Sudanese states are experiencing a severe bread and fuel crisis. Transport has ground to a halt leaving many stranded.On Tuesday and Wednesday the main stations of El Shuhada in Omdurman, the central station in Khartoum North (Bahri), the stadium and Jackson in Khartoum were crowded with hundreds of people after the vehicles stopped because of lack of fuel. Witnesses from Karma in the Northern State said the security services are monitoring the fuel stations and allowing each person to take no more than three gallons. They explained that any quantities more than that must be certified by the security services.",7
956,"Over 8,000 people in Fashoda State “eat leaves” as food runs out Conflict-affected people are eating leaves to stay alive in Fashoda State as humanitarian conditions worsen for over 8,000 civilians who have run out of food, a government official said. Muzamil Ojwok Ajak, head of the humanitarian and relief commission in Fashoda, told Radio Tamazuj yesterday that more than 8,000 people, mostly women and children in Kodok, Wadakona, Kaka and Fashoda areas were in dire conditions after they ran out of food and medicines.",3
3857,"In response to the electricity crisis, health providers have adopted negative coping mechanisms that include the postponement of elective surgeries, discharging patients prematurely, and limiting sterilization and laundry services to coincide with the times electricity from the grid is available (4-6 hours per day). The latter have a direct impact on the prevention of infections in hospitals. Electricity disruptions have also caused the malfunctioning of medical equipment, including the MRI scanner at Shifa, Gaza’s largest hospital. Backup generators, which are not designed to operate continuously, are also repeatedly in disrepair.",4
1497,"Food prices declined in December 2017 but still generally high Prices of coarse grains and other staple foods, including gari, declined in December 2017, following improved supplies from the 2017 good harvest, which is nearly concluded in most areas. Prices were generally below their year-earlier values, but still relatively high, particularly in the northeastern parts of the country, where the ongoing conflict continues to hinder food production activities and disrupt markets. The high level of food prices reflects the reduced value of the local currency against the US dollar throughout 2017, high transport costs coupled with strong demand from traders and institutional bodies to replenish their stocks. The high food prices are reflected in the annual food inflation, which remained at the high level of 19.4 percent in December 2017, although down from 20.3 percent in November 2017.",3
5749,"Many of those who have fled report harassment, killings and generalized violence. All are in urgent need of protection, medical and psychosocial assistance, shelter, food and basic relief items. Refugees are currently sheltered in two reception centres, which are currently operating at their maximum capacity.",10
11701,"On 23 Jan a landslide resulted in 23 people affected, water affected, animals affected, irrigating canals affected",0
9350,"Sri Lankan rice farmers who planted only two thirds of the usual area during the current main cultivation season face further losses of 545,000 metric tonnes of production due to the most severe drought in decades, an official estimated shows.",0
9130,"Kachin/Shan: Many shelters that were built before Cluster activation did not meet minimum standards/guidelines, significantly. Addressing these needs plus the fact that unless solutions are found it remains a perpetual cycle of replacing sub-standard/no longer habitable temporary shelters. Need for mass blanket NFI distributions have passed but some NFIs for vulnerable cases continue",10
9524,"Refugees who fled ongoing violence are beginning to return to the villages of Bungu and Ganji in Jubek, South Sudan, in the hope of rebuilding their homes and planting their crops before the rainy season starts.A patrol led by the United Nations Mission in South Sudan visited the area with support from Ethiopian peacekeeping troops to assess the situation facing the local community and those returning to the area after being displaced by the conflict which erupted in 2013.Many left the area in 2016 after civilians were killed during an ambush of a truck headed from Ganji to Juba by an armed group and the subsequent response by government forces.Local chiefs say that many people are now beginning to return only to find that their crops have been destroyed and their homes burnt to the ground. They don’t have access to adequate shelter, healthcare, educational facilities or the ability to earn an income to support their families.",10
1925,"NFIs and Shelter ? CRIs (Core Relief Items) have not been distributed except for once upon arrival and need to be distributed again. NFIs (Non-Food Items) such as beds, clothes, shoes and so on are also needed by the community and the community engages in negative coping strategies to meet these needs such as selling food for NFIs. ? Need for more durable shelters due to tearing off of current shelters, need for redesigning the shelters to ensure privacy and safety were shared as main concerns. ? The shelters are not safe and refugees do not feel comfortable leaving their shelters unattended due to weak doors and walls. ? Size of the Shelter especially for big families is not considered adequate. Sometimes there is even not enough space for all the family members even to sleep.",10
3344,"Indicative data collected by the TFPM at the community level through key informants show that the number one priority need in IDP populated locations are: food (83%), access to income (6%), shelter/ housing (4%) and drinking water (3%). ",3
7096,"In the southeastern and coastal marginal agricultural areas , wage labor, while below average, is facilitating needed market purchases. However, it is likely the maize and bean harvests will be below average. The majority of poor households are expected to remain in Stressed (IPC Phase 2) until the February harvest. In many of the pastoral areas, livestock productivity has increased, improving income and food availability. These improvements are projected to continue, except in Isiolo and additional parts of Tana River, where poor households are likely to experience Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes through May 2018.",5
9871,"A new pest, the fall armyworm, is spreading rapidly across the country’s maize-producing areas – and threatens widespread crop damage across the western half of the country if left unaddressed. Presence of the pest has been reported in six surplus-producing regions, with 600 000 ha of maize infestedThe rapid spread of the fall armyworm is threatening crop production across the country, having been reported in 411 woredas in six regional states (Amhara, Benishangul-Gumuz, Gambella, Oromia, SNNP and Tigray) as of August 2017. Maize is the most affected, with 22 percent of all maize planted infested (600 000 ha), having significant implications for harvests. There is concern that the pest could soon spread to sorghum-growing areas in Afar, Amhara, Somali and Tigray Regions and likely affect other crops",0
3808,"OROMIA FOOD, NUTRITION AND LIVELIHOODS: 101 (27%) sites, representing 405,414 individuals, reported no access to food. 65% of sites reported that IDPs did not have access to income generating activities",5
8958,"Shiite forces control mass grave sites in Yezidi areas of Shinga; however, because of safety concerns and political differences, Kurdish investigators have been unable to go actually to the sites on the ground even when survivors like Yezidis provide testimony and evidence.",9
2942,"Eastern: Continued fighting between NSAGs and military operations in the south of Nangarhar reportedly displaced 10,850 people to safer areas within the province. Around 30 schools have been forced to close, according to humanitarian sources, depriving nearly 15,000 pupils including over 5,400 girls from education. In 2017, nearly 19,700 people have been displaced in the region, 14 per cent of all displaced people in the country this year",2
3587,"at the national level, about 148,458 persons are food insecure or vulnerable to food insecurity representing approximately 8% of the total population (of which 0.6% are severely food insecure) of the 2015 projected population of The Gambia. This represents an increase in the proportion of the food insecure population from 5.6% in the 2011 CFSVA.",8
7710,"Another 256,697 private houses and 3,622 government buildings were partially damaged. In addition, 19,000 classrooms were destroyed and 11,000 damaged.1",10
9313,All affected people spoken to have suffered substantial damage to personal property and belongings. Many are now housed at a shelter of the Ohangwena Regional Council run by the Namibia Red Cross Society (NRCS). ,3
6609,"Much of the food currently available in the local market has been smuggled in from Sudan, but few people can afford it.",3
7785,Access to assisted schools and health centers remains an issue particularly during the rainy season. School feeding sites amount to more than 780 and are scattered in remote areas which are difficult to access. This sometimes hinders the achievement of WFP’s distribution objectives.,1
498,"On April 4, days after the attack on Latamneh, Syrian government forces used the banned nerve agent in a separate attack on the rebel-held town of Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib. The attack killed some 87 people, and last month UN investigators determined the use of sarin gas. Syria's government has denied involvement and claims it no longer possesses chemical weapons following a 2013 agreement, under which it pledged to surrender its chemical arsenal.",4
5756,"Most food is produced on some 3,900 cooperative farms, with 100 state farms focusing on specialized activities such as seed production, crop cultivation, poultry, fish or pig breeding. The cooperative farm sector is responsible for ensuring national self-sufficiency in the staples of maize and rice, and increasingly potatoes. Members of cooperative farms are not eligible to receive PDS rations, but have access to kitchen garden plots (approx. 97.2m2), which provide essential vegetables, maize and some livestock, helping diversify peoples’ diet.",3
5117,"Large-scale humanitarian assistance continues to play an important role in reducing the severity of acute food insecurity outcomes in Yemen. Although needs remain higher than current assistance levels, WFP reached approximately 4.4 million people in May and 5.3 million people in June with rations meeting between 60 and 100 percent of beneficiaries’ monthly consumption needs. At current funding and assistance levels, WFP expects to continue providing assistance through October 2017.",3
7674,"Monitoring groups have accused Turkey of blocking access to social media sites such as Twitter or Facebook, particularly in the aftermath of militant attacks.  The government has in the past denied blocking access to some sites, blaming outages on spikes in usage after major events. But technical experts at watchdog groups say the blackouts on social media are intentional, aimed in part at stopping the spread of militant images and propaganda.",9
2785,"The earthquake affected persons find themselves in a desperate situation, with many unmet vital humanitarian needs such as access to: ? sufficient food ?",3
6554,The victims are striving to rehabilitate or reconstruct their houses and fetching the food on their own.,3
4216,"97 dead, 20 missing, 348 injured, 250,000 children affected, 2m of students without access to education, 280,000 people in risk of health pbs, 28,900 families in food needs,1,707 people in shelter as of 28 March",2
9883,"The January 2017 nutrition assessment of children under 59 months indicated a deterioration as compared to the last quarter of 2016, as expected given the current period of the lean season. Current estimates for 2017 are that 35,000 children will suffer from severe acute malnutrition (21,750 alone in the South).",8
6905,"The Ministry of Agriculture reports that the deaths in the poultry sector have reached over 200,000 birds. Of these, more than 90% are laying hens and replacement pullets. The numbers of deaths suffered in the cattle sector have been updated to over 2,700 animals, the majority calves, representing an increase of over 60% from the last report. In total, the impacts to the agricultural sector exceed 210,000 deaths of animals, 440,000 square meters of damage to facility roofing, and more than 50,000 coffee and cocoa seedlings destroyed (see annex). ? Damages in greenhouses represent a loss of over 1,000 tons of produce, while the impacts to food production in each province are being quantified, especially in terms of eggs, pork, plantains, root tubers, grains, vegetables, fruits, honey, fish and related infrastructure. In Ciego de Ávila alone already 50,000 tons of plantains have been damaged. In addition to the damage to stockpiling, storing and distribution infrastructure, damage to the distribution network for inputs and services to the agricultural sector have been reported. ? More than 200 tons of fertilizer have reported humidity-related damage, according to inventories in the Villa Clara, Camagüey, and Ciego de Ávila Provinces. ? The National State Insurance Enterprise announced that estimated preliminary losses in Villa Clara Province alone amount to 13.6 million pesos, although an additional increase of 45 million pesos is foreseen. Estimations of damages have not been completed in rural areas. ? Numerous rice fields are still flooded and, in the northern coastal municipalities that were most impacted by the hurricane, the livelihoods of people in the agricultural and fishing sectors remain complicated. This situation is aggravated by low levels of soil fertility. Prior to the hurricane, these areas suffered impacts of intense drought and now are affected by the salinization associated with flooding.",3
6522,"The cholera outbreak in north-east Nigeria, which started on 16 August 2017, has now claimed the lives of at least 35 individuals in Borno State. The number of suspected cases stands at 1,283, with confirmed outbreaks in Maiduguri, Dikwa and Monguno. The number is expected to rise with further assessments. Most reported cases are concentrated in the “Muna Corridor” in Maiduguri, which includes 15 sites for displaced. The World Health Organization carried out a rapid risk assessment. The risk of spread in the Borno capital is high given the congestion, poor infrastructure and water/sanitation conditions in the area. Health and Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH) humanitarian partners are coordinating the response and supporting the Borno State Ministry of Health to contain the outbreak. ",4
10456,"Early this morning (09/08), a human smuggler, in charge of the boat, forced more than 120 Somali and Ethiopian migrants into the pitching sea as they approached the coast of Shabwa, a Yemeni Governorate along the Arabian Sea. The migrants had been hoping to reach countries in the Gulf via war-torn Yemen.",9
3983,"Monitoring groups have accused Turkey of blocking access to social media sites such as Twitter or Facebook, particularly in the aftermath of militant attacks.  The government has in the past denied blocking access to some sites, blaming outages on spikes in usage after major events. But technical experts at watchdog groups say the blackouts on social media are intentional, aimed in part at stopping the spread of militant images and propaganda.",9
2313,"vilians in the city of Mosul are collecting and eating plants in an attempt to overcome the famine they have been suffering for months.  Eyewitness accounts from the right coast of Mosul displaced from areas that Iraqi Security Forces recentlyliberated, confirmed hundreds of cases of injured civilians and dehydration in children. Many died due to dehydration or famine from areas still under ISIS-control.",8
3795,"Heavy rains caused flooding and resulted in several deaths (particularly in Côte d’Ivoire, Niger and Sierra Leone) as well as crop losses and extensive damage to infrastructure (Benin, Côte d’Ivoire, Gambia, GuineaBissau, Niger and Sierra Leone).",3
825,"In South Kordofan and Blue Nile states, ongoing violence and sustained food insecurity has affected hundreds of thousand people, many of which have fled to other parts of Sudan or to neighbouring Ethiopia* and South Sudan*. ",1
2267,"Citing starvation and hunger, Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) taking refuge at Bakassi IDPs camp in Maiduguri, yesterday, revealed how their women have resorted to street begging, housemaids, while the men fetch firewoods to sell in a bid to escape biting hunger.Expressing their frustration at the Bakassi IDPs camp during the distribution of babycare kits to pregnant women and nursing mothers by the National Commission For Refugees, Migrants and Internally Displaced Persons (NCRMI) , the IDPs said the camp had been in shortage of food for the past one month, adding that the situation forced them to look for desperate means of survival. Bakassi IDPs camp which is one of the largest camps in Borno State presently hosts 21, 224 IDPs among whom are 3, 201 pregnant women and 2, 254 nursing mothers.Umar revealed that the camp officials have turned the IDPs into business venture, adding that if the items did get to them through the commission, the camp officials would divert the rest.",3
1846,"Israeli soldiers invaded, on Thursday morning, the at-Tour neighborhood, overlooking the Old City of occupied East Jerusalem, and al-‘Eesawiyya town, in the center of the city, and demolished residential and commercial structures.The demolished commercial structures are owned by Khalil Abu Sbeitan and Rami Sayyad; the army claimed there were built without construction permits.",10
8768,up to 1.2-1.5 million people could be affected by military operations. ,1
4798,"? The nutrition situation in South Sudan remains critical, exacerbated by heightened levels of acute food insecurity. In early May, USAID partner the UN Children’s Fund (UNICEF) reported that global acute malnutrition (GAM) levels in Eastern Equatoria, Jonglei, Northern Bahr el Ghazal, and Unity states exceeded the UN World Health Organization (WHO) emergency threshold of 15 percent. GAM levels in Unity’s Mayendit and Leer counties, where populations are facing Famine—IPC 5—levels of acute food insecurity, were more than 27 percent and 20 percent, respectively",8
9476,"Humanitarian assistance including food and health is dwindling at the camp, as international governments and donors cut their funding to reflect gradual movement in Burma’s peace process.",3
5516,"Nord-Kivu: 260,000 people affected. 162,000 people in need. ",3
10640,"Of the 35 interviewees, 30 reported experiencing and/or witnessing physical abuse during their journey. Of those who reported physical abuse, the vast majority (27) said that abuse took place in Libya while 2 said it had taken place in Sudan and 1 person declined to answer the question. Furthermore, a large group of those who reported abuse (12 out of 30) said that smugglers were the perpetrators, 6 said armed groups were responsible for the abuse, 5 said bandits, 2 said police forces were responsible and 1 each said civilians and Asma boys were the culprits. 1 person declined to answer this question.",9
2772,"Insecurity in Diffa continues to disrupt markets and livelihood activities—including fishing and sale of crops and livestock—among vulnerable populations, with Crisis levels of acute food insecurity expected through at least January 2018, according to FEWS NET. Relief actors report that sustained humanitarian assistance in the coming months is critical to avoid further depletion of household food stocks, particularly in less accessible or inaccessible areas. ",5
1221,"Since 06 January, humanitarian operations in  Grand’Anse and Sud were either temporally  suspended or limited in relation with the arrest  of senator-elect Guy Philippe and the  demonstrations and road blocks that followed.  This week, activities have fully resumed in Sud  and slowly in Grand’Anse.  ",6
5437,Bishop Modi appealed to the international community for food and medical supplies for the internally displaced and the remants of Kajo-Kehi as well as logistical support to help the Diocese be mobile around Kajo-Keji and to assist in refugee camps in Uganda.,3
5023,"Some had previously been residents of the camp or other camps for the displaced between 2014 and 2016, when their homes were in areas under ISIS control, and had returned to their homes in November 2017, after Iraqi forces retook these locations. While a number of aid groups work in the camp, it has limited medical and educational services. A representative from an international organization confirmed that forces forcibly displaced at least 15 more families to two other camps in the area.",2
150,"In pastoral areas: Since as early as July, regular dry season grazing areas can no longer support livestock, and this has resulted in atypical migration and conflicts over forage and water between other livestock herders and farming communities in Marsabit (Illeret) and portions of Isiolo. Livestock return trekking distances from grazing fields to watering points range from 14 – 24 kilometers compared to a normal of 11 – 16 as forage and water resources dwindle further, driven by high temperatures and concentrated livestock populations.",5
10665, Five people have died of chickenpox complications at the Allied Hospital during the last three weeks. ,4
7541,"Zuwara’s health facilities are under immense pressure with only 40 hospital beds able to support a population of some 400,000 people, officials have warned.",4
6044,"766,000 people internally displaced by conflict and drought since November 2016 (OCHA 03 August 2017)",3
2307,"Of all the events currently being monitored by WHO, the highest cholera case fatality rate is in Malawi, where 3.1 percent of all suspected cases have resulted in death. In Malawi the area of greatest concern lies in the capital, Lilongwe, where the rate of cases detections and fatalities has been persistently and unusually high for the past 15 weeks.",4
7103,"On the same day, when he was on his way back to Gaza, at approximately 18:00, IOF detained him for about six hours at the Erez crossing  Walid attempted to obtain a permit for more than a year while his health continued to deteriorate",4
1446,"Kilo 60 and Kilo 18 are intended as short-term temporary sancturies, and struggle to keep pace with the rate of arrivals. Before June, over 90 per cent of the people who arrived from western Anbar were moved on to better-equipped camps and host communities in eastern Anbar and adjacent governorates. For the past month, people arriving at the transit sites are prevented from moving to camps in the east, and Kilo 60 and Kilo 18 are filling up quickly. In the last week of June, Kilo 60 doubled its population, bringing the camp to almost full capacity. Protection is also a growing issue of concern in the camps. On the afternoon of 2 July, a suicide attack targeting camp residents took place in Kilo 60, killing 14 people.",9
3169,"At least 2,280 newly displaced households (about 11,500 people) arrived in Rokero town and nearby Jemeza village after 18 April, following fighting between armed nomads and sedentary farmer tribes. This figure is a preliminary estimate by a joint inter-agency assessment comprising government ministries, UN agencies and international NGOs that visited the area. Emergency shelter, non-food items (ES/NFIs), food and access to water and sanitation services are the priority needs of these new IDPs, according to the joint inter-agency team’s preliminary findings. ES/NFIs: The new IDPs arrived with few personal belongings and are sheltering under trees. Water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH): There is one water pump in Jemeza village, which has been repaired by the inter-agency team, which also brought some WASH materials with them. However, due to the large number of displaced, the amount of water available is below SPHERE standards.  Health and nutrition: There is no health facility in Jemeza village and the nearest health facility where IDPs can access health and nutrition services is in Rokero town. The health facility is run by the State Ministry of Health (SMoH) with support from Catholic Relief Services (CRS) and World Relief (WR). Currently, half rations of the 800 cartons of plumpy nut (nutrition supplement) available in the facility is being distributed to children under five. Nutrition screening is also being undertaken.  Education: The estimated new IDP population includes about 1,150 school-age children, who are currently out of school due to lack of education facilities in the area.  Child protection: Three children were reported missing during interviews with the displaced community.  Food security and livelihoods: There are no food supplies in the local market, and the World Food Programme (WFP) sent food supplies to Rokero on 29 April and initial food distribution for the new IDPs is scheduled for 30 April.",3
4731,"Fall armyworm affected all the provinces with 36% of the households managing to idenfy it as a new pest. Maize is the crop most infested and against the background that 88% of the households grew maize in 2016/17 season it is unlikely that farmers will want to abandon maize. There is a likelihood of the new pest to affect wheat during the winter season. • About 62.5% of the households affected by the new pest did not take any measures to control it. Households which took iniaves to control it used a variety of methods which included biological control, applicaon of commercial pescides, tradional control and other methods. However, these measures were generally not successful",0
8974,"Increased food prices have contributed to 87 percent of people in nongovernment controlled areas resorting to negative coping mechanisms such as buying food on credit, borrowing food and/or reducing dietary diversity because of lack of resources to obtain food. More than half the population (53-55 percent) in government controlled areas apply such strategies.",3
5598,"Residents claim they were attacked by more 50 armed bandits on Wednesday forcing them to abandon their tomato farms in the area that relies on irrigation. Ms Karambu Mwongela said armed bandits hit Kaongo Primary School and villages around it, stealing cattle, destroying property and displacing residents. 'They were shooting indiscriminately at around 9am to scare us away. They broke into houses and stole food, solar panels and any other valuables they could find. Teachers and pupils of Kaongo Primary School fled from the classrooms when they heard gunshots,' Ms Mwongela said. Men armed with guns, slings and other crude weapons could be seen keeping vigil in the area as they accused police officers of not taking action. 'The Turkana herders came here three weeks ago and the chief told us they would not do any harm. They have now paralysed our businesses and learning. Women and children have fled to safer areas,' said Mr James Thuranira, one of the men keeping guard.",2
11632,"Lack of suitable space to install a facility, parts of installed facilities are sometimes stolen, lack of suitable contractors.",11
3338,"January saw an increase in the national average retail price of white maize (5 percent) relative to December in Gorongoza, a prime maize market in Mozambique. In January 2017, prices dropped by 3.4 percent and remain at ALPS Crisis mode standing 160 percent above its November 5 year average (Figure 6).",3
7154,"• Qararat al-Qataf: To date, 187 families have set up tents and they have indicated that they will remain there until the situation is resolved and they can return to Tawergha. There are 276 children below the age of 5 (234 boys and 42 girls) at the site and there are 155 elderly individuals above the age of 60 (83 men and 72 women). The assessment found that the families are in need of tents and ambulances, shelter/tents, latrines and bathing facilities, generators for electricity and permanent health units.",4
1412,"Cholera: As of 22 Oct, 895 suspected cases, 6 confirmed, 65 deaths, 7.3% CFR.Incidence is rapidly increasing in the Amtimam Health District, with 235 new cases reported during week 42. Overall, cases have been reported from Koukou (290) and Goz Beida (71) health districts in the Sila Region, as well as from Am Timan Health District (529) and Amdjoudoul (5) in the Salamat Region.",4
5374,"According to recent updates from the Ministry of Internal Trade, Hurricane Irma affected more than 2,500 facilities in the infrastructure for storing food and other key products.",3
11876,"the United Nations Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict in Sudan, in an April report , estimates that 335 children were recruited over the last five years by armed groups in Sudan’s conflict zones in Darfur and the Two Areas: South Kordofan and Blue Nile states",9
7941,"A powerful earthquake struck northeast Iran on Wednesday near the holy city of Mashhad, leaving at least one person dead and several injured.",10
1111,"The United States will deploy at least 1,500 soldiers from the Ready First Brigade to Afghanistan",9
11778,"In the mountains, almost all households are consuming green foods from their fields, while in other areas a smaller number of households are accessing greed foods. The consumption of green crops is improving food access in households as the peak of the lean season continues and as the harvest approaches. Consumption of green foods is expected to increase in other parts of the country within the next month. Minimal (IPC Phase 1) acute food insecurity outcomes are expected between May and September, after the upcoming harvest. ",3
5004,"• Food security: the sharp reduction in agricultural production and the depletion of food reserves are increasing the dependence of families on the purchase of food in the market, in a context of the rising prices of local products (20 percent on the price of sorghum in local markets compared to previous years). Normally most people's food sources come from their own agricultural or livestock production (51 percent) and purchase (40 percent). During the evaluation, however, it was found that 74 percent of their food source was based on purchase and less than 10 percent on their own production. The assessment mission already noted the adoption by households of coping strategies such as reducing the number of meals and quantities prepared, leading to an early deterioration of the food situation. This trend is likely to get worse during the lean season, particularly with regards to:",3
30,Health -Health was indicated as a third priority need for 3% of respondents. No further health information was collected by assessment teams. ,4
11737,"Food insecurity continues to be a major concern, with 1.7 million people at elevated risk of famine. Leer, Mayendit and Koch in Unity State, and Ayod in Jonglie are most affected. The situation is exacerbated by incidents of looting. For example, an incident took place on 19 July 2017 in Tonj East, involving a World Food Program (WPF) warehouse containing 245 metric tons of food items.",3
6565,"Out of the 850,000 people with the most acute needs, 740,000 people (87 per cent) remain without potable water. Water remains the key factor in the crisis taking place in the southern region of Madagascar, especially in Taloagnaro where the first rains have not yet fallen. Since mid-December, rain has fallen intermittently throughout Grand Sud, raising hopes that sufficient crops can be harvested by the end of March.",11
6069,"The situation in Matam is similar to that in many parts of the Sahel region where erratic rainfall and failed crops have resulted in food insecurity and malnutrition. The situation is frequent in some of those areas, and people have been left on their own. The lean season will be longer and difficult. Most of the affected suffer silently from hunger, far away from the spotlight of the media.  “We have pockets of critical levels of food insecurity. It’s not yet a famine but it’s not far off, if urgent measures are not taken,” said Anne Leclerc, Head of the IFRC’s Sahel cluster.",3
7967,"What has been uncovered is the fact that there are greater humanitarian needs in hard to access areas in the categories of WASH, shelter, access to health and markets, and education. Moreover those in hard to access areas are more likely to report issues of protection including gender based violence, forced marriage, eviction and unequal distribution of aid. When it came to GBV, men and women in hard to access areas were far more likely to mention that there was no way for women to report concerns of GBV, and if they were, that interventions were far more likely to be unsuccessful.",9
7792,"Several extremist Israeli colonists pumped, on Monday evening, sewage water into Palestinian agricultural lands in the al-Khader town, south of the West Bank city of Bethlehem. Ahmad Salah, the coordinator of the Popular Committee against the Annexation Wall and Colonies in al-Khader, said the colonists, from Efrat illegal colony which was built on illegally confiscated Palestinian lands, flooded the farmlands in Wad al-Byar area with sewage water, destroying a large area planted with grapevines. He added that this serious assault was not the first of its kind, and expressed concerns regarding the spread of diseases besides the destruction of plants and trees.",4
4571,"There are no shelters in the border regions and, according to newspaper La Opinion from the border city Cucuta, locals rather than state authorities have been feeding starving Venezuelans.",10
2461,"Somalia The ongoing cholera outbreak in Somalia started in December 2017. As of 18 March 2018, a total of 1613 cholera cases, including nine deaths (case fatality rate = 0.6%), have been reported from four regions: Hiraan, Banadir, Lower Juba and Middle Shabelle.The outbreak started in Beletweyne, Hiraan Region; it spread to Banadir Region in early January 2018, to Lower Juba in early February 2018, and to Middle Shabelle in early February 2018.Banadir Region is one of the regions with the highest concentration of internally displaced persons (IDPs). Lower Juba has experienced cholera outbreaks in the past; on the border with Kenya and the region has many people who have been displaced by conflict in Middle Juba. Middle Shabelle has also previously had cholera outbreaks. Access to safe water and sanitation is limited in all of the affected regions.",4
7216,"Much of the EU humanitarian aid goes to addressing the needs of conflict-affected people, with a focus on new emergencies. Two such emergencies are the high levels of malnutrition that were found in areas of Jebel Marra which have only recently become accessible to humanitarians and the mass refugee influx from South Sudan. With hundreds of new arrivals each day.",1
3214,"Parents of the ailing children complained of lack of facilities in the government hospitals as well as the indifferent attitude of doctors, nursing staff and paramedics.  They claimed they were being forced to take their ailing children to teaching hospitals in rundown ambulances that did not even have fuel.  As many of them are poverty-stricken, the parents said they could not afford to pay a sum as big as Rs7,000, the approximate fuel cost for one trip to the nearest hospital outside Thar.",4
5821,"Cultural stigma around disability in Lebanon is an underlying factor for this denial of education. Since 2000, Lebanese law has prohibited any restrictions on admissions or entry into any institution of education or learning based on disability. In addition to a lack of physical accessibility, public schools lack sufficient, trained staff and appropriate material for a range of learners.",2
45,"In order to minimize the impact of the emergency response on host communities and to mitigate protection risks linked to firewood collection, UNHCR started to distribute eco-friendly cooking fuel in early December",10
11103,"Q: Describe the pools of rainwater that were seized.      They are collections of winter rainwater. Their sizes differ from one place to another.      This water is not safe for drinking—rather, it is used for bathing, cleaning and for watering livestock and other animals. For [these purposes], it is the main source [of water] for residents of the desert.      It is also the main source [of water] for the internally displaced in the [Rukban and nearby Hadalat border] camps, as well as the Bedouins who live in the desert. It gets them through the summer season.",11
2297,"Rubel Miah, a duck farmer in Sunamganj sadar upazila, has 2500 ducks he raises on the banks of Dekhar Haor in the district.  His ducks have so far survived the “unknown threat” but Miah lives in fear each day of what might yet happen.",5
3068,"In total, the number of people it is estimated that 5.9 million people are in food crisis and accelerated depletion of livelihood assets (phases 3 and 4) in areas that have been classified.  ",5
5231,"Thailand’s immigration detention facilities are severely overcrowded, provide inadequate food, have poor ventilation, and lack access to medical service and other necessities. Not surprisingly, the result has been several deaths among detainees. Many children are unlawfully detained because of their immigration status for months or years.",4
9643,"Dr Mberikunashe said while most mosquito parasites were being washed away by the rains, concerns remained on the ponds of water which provide conducive breeding environment for mosquitos.  “We are concerned that while the rains may have stopped, these ponds will provide an environment that is conducive for mosquito breeding and this could lead to increased cases of malaria,” said Dr Mberikunashe. ",11
4848,"Farmers fleeing from violence – 80 percent of IDPs – have missed three consecutive planting seasons and have lost their productive assets. With the exception of cassava and sweet potatoes, other crops, such as maize, cowpea and rice, have been lost or burnt. By not being able to engage in agricultural activities, trading activities in general have been disrupted as well as local economies.",0
9232,"Heavy gunfire erupted after dark on Wednesday in Ivory Coast's second port city, San Pedro, residents said, as two weeks of military uprisings that have tarnished the West African nation's image as a post-war success story showed no sign of letting up.",9
3837,"Food insecurity caused by significant crop losses continues to grow, while economic losses leave children vulnerable to dangerous situations such as child labour or transactional sex in an effort to augment income.",3
10708,"The total number of affected families in Ishim district is to date 1,045. More than 130 houses are waterlogged and damaged and 41 houses fully destroyed. A total of 6,608 garden plots are also under water and damaged. Some of them are seasonal country houses, while some are people’s permanent residence. In addition to household items (furniture, appliances, clothing, footwear, utensils, documents, cash savings, etc.), many of the food stocks and crops have also been destroyed as people were storing them in their houses. These were the main and/or only source of food and livelihood for many of these people. Much of the local infrastructure, including 25kms of road, as well as electricity lines, gas pipe lines and the water supply system have also been damaged and the airfield of the DOSAAF Aviation Sports Club with ten aircrafts has been flooded. ",10
3078,"Boko Haram gunmen on 19 March raided Bodoum village in south-eastern Niger and looted a health centre and food from villagers. It was the first attack after a two-month lull. On 20 March, three suspected Boko Haram members killed a civilian in Garin Dogo village in Diffa",5
1658,"In a sign of deterioration, the proportion of food insecure1 households among surveyed protracted2 IDPs in Darfur increased from 43 to 58 percent from May 2016 to May 2017. Surveyed South Sudanese refugees continued to experience worse food insecurity: 78 percent of households were food insecure. These communities exhibit some of the worst food insecurity in Sudan. Sorghum prices in Darfur are higher than the country average and three-year average except for Central Darfur. The price of a local food basket3 in May 2017 was 67 percent higher than in May 2016. The deterioration was unexpected, given that the 2016/17 agricultural season was better than the one before. WFP and its partners are investigating the drivers of vulnerability. Long-standing food security constraints remain in the population: high food prices, high transportation costs, displacement, marginal livelihoods and limited access to livelihoods. ",3
11239,"Vulnerable populations are in need of a stable food supply to ensure availability of food in the household and in markets at all times. The vast majority of the population in Myanmar rely on subsistence farming and casual labour as their main source of livelihood, and have limited capacity to produce sufficient food throughout the year. Food gaps during the monsoon season are common, with functionally landless households and those dependent on non-sustainable un-skilled daily or seasonal jobs facing the longest gaps in food stocks. Recurrent debt has caused a cycle of indebtedness among the poorest.",5
6295,"Three residents said that in September Al-Shabab fighters forcibly took at least 50 boys and girls from two schools in Burhakaba district and transported them to Bulo Fulay, which witnesses say hosts a number of religious schools and a major training facility. Two weeks later, a large group of armed Al-Shabab fighters with their faces covered returned to the village, entered another local school, and threatened and beat the teacher to hand over children.",9
8493,"Food, water needed “We are calling on our government to send us relief assistance. We need food and water. Up to this time, we have yet to receive assistance from our government,” De la Cruz said. Aside from lack of assistance, Pablito Kuizon, 55, of Barangay Padre Inocentes Garcia, also in Naval, said the community had no power since Saturday. “Gasoline stations in Naval refuse to sell gasoline. We don’t have water after our sources located in Lucsoon and Talustusan were damaged due to the landslides,” said Kuizon, provincial chair of People’s Surge.",3
5268,Damascus Market The decrease in wholesale prices can be attributed mainly to lower cost of transportation in-line with decreased prices of fuel,3
9970,"Six (6) new cases of cVDPV2 were reported this week: 4 cases are from Mayadeen district and 2 are from Boukamal district, Deir Ez-Zor governorate.  The total number of cVDPV2 cases is 39. All confirmed cases to date have had onset of paralysis before 14 July 2017.",4
6595,"Attacks on Media, Human Rights Defenders, and Political OppositionTargeted attacks on media, including harassment, and intimidation by federal and regional authorities and the Al-Shabab continue. ",9
640,"The Dollo Somali region of Ethiopia borders Somalia and Kenya. Due to its proximity to the Somali border, it has received refugees who fled Somalia due to war related persecution during 2009 and 2010 while refugees due to drought related reasons crossed into Ethiopia during 2012 and 2013. The state of Ethiopia is signatory to the 1951 UN convention. The state department ARRA and UNHCR Sub Office in Melkadida undertakes joint registration of refugees in the Dollo region. There are five camps in the region namely Melkadida, Buramino, Hilaweyn, Kobe and Bokolmayo, as shown in the Fig 1.   Fig. 1   The combined registered population of all the camps is 210,930 individuals (98,248 M and 112,682 F) comprising 39,123 households. The main areas of origin for these refugees include Gedo, Bay and Bakol. Majority of the refugees are Muslims of Sunni denomination.   ARRA, UNHCR and partners are providing basic needs and services to the refugees living in camps since their onset. In order to plan for different sectoral interventions and also use consultative approach for prioritization of interventions, ARRA, UNHCR and partners undertake annual   8    consultations through PA. These discussions provide qualitative information such as issues concerning refugees, their perspectives and suggestions. In 2016, PA was conducted with the support of 17 organizations. In order to complement the findings of the PA, the quantitative data from different assessments such as education assessment2, HIS3 (Health Information System) and other sources such as registration data by UNHCR, return intention survey data were also used for the purposes of analysis in this report.  ",9
4780,"As of 31 December 2017, 3014 cases of suspected diphtheria were reported with 28 deaths. 58 per cent of these deaths occurred among children who are younger than five years of age. Over 74 per cent of all the suspected cases are identified among children below the age of 15 years, with 55 per cent of the cases among females.",4
1102,"For a country already fighting off famine, uncontrolled cholera could be the last straw.",11
2858,"Civilians in Deir-ez-Zor governorate continue to be impacted as military operations, airstrikes and clashes intensified with thousands displaced in the past month due to both the increase in airstrikes and fears of further ISIL attacks.The price of water trucking has reportedly increased as water tanks have been hit/impacted by airstrikes. The eastern countryside has been suffering from water cuts for more than ten months due to power outages, forcing people to use water from the Euphrates River which is deemed unsafe. On 26 August, an airstrike reportedly destroyed Ashara bridge in al Ashara city south of Deir-ez-Zor city after being rehabilitated by the local population for the transportation and dispatch of commodities. People now depend on boats which are expensive and difficult to use. The destruction of this bridge also resulted in high food and NFI commodity prices and difficulty in transporting emergency medical cases. Following the price increases, many merchants have withdrawn food commodities from the market for personal use and stock-piling, further contributing to inflated prices. ",1
7627,"In 2017, 11,0323 children arrived to Greece by sea, including 1,458 (13%) UASC. While this is an 83% decrease compared to 2016 (63,920), 72% (8,014) of children arriving in 2017 were registered during the second half of 2017. Between July and December 2017, the number of UASC identified (1,049) was more than double the first half of the year (409). The majority of children arriving to Greece by sea were from the Syrian Arab Republic, Iraq, Afghanistan or Stateless. Most common nationalities of UASC were the Syrian Arab Republic, Afghanistan and Pakistan",9
10502,"Many areas recently became accessible for needs assessments, such as Masaken Hanano, Meshateeh, Tareek  Bab, Shaar, and Qaterji. Assessment visits to the aforementioned areas showed an urgent need for water and  electricity as well as NFIs as most of the returnees families found their houses were looted prior to their return.  ",1
11446,"Residents are reportedly unable to leave the site and there is a high risk of scorpion and snake bites. IDPs are collecting water from the Euphrates River, as well as obtaining water through trucking by local authorities. Although water is reportedly available in sufficient quantities, difficulties for residents to transport water from the river were reported and water allegedly is not clean. There is reportedly an urgent need for functioning latrines or bathing facilities. Reports indicate an urgent need for approximately 150 additional tents, as well as blankets, kitchen sets, and mattresses.",11
4101,"Anglican Overseas Aid’s ACT Alliance partners are helping with the work in affected Rohingya communities in Myanmar. They are also providing reliable access to food, psychosocial support, help to support business affected by the displacement; unconditional cash, education, and advocacy programs.",1
8138,"Significant rainfall deficits remain in parts of Marsabit, Samburu, Isiolo, Turkana, West Pokot, Baringo, Kajiado, Narok, Wajir, and Mandera. As a result, livestock trekking distances from grazing fields to watering points remain atypically high. Exceptional high distances, of up to 90 percent above average, were noted in parts of Marsabit, Garissa, Wajir, Tana River, Samburu, West Pokot, and Baringo. Almost all species of livestock have poor body conditions, with a high number of mortalities resulting from exhaustion and dehydration being noted, especially in Marsabit (North Horr and Moyale), Turkana (North), Tana River (Galole), and Samburu (North), for both migrated livestock and those remaining near homesteads. Due to poor livestock health and body conditions, livestock market activities have been greatly hampered. Currently, there is low supply and demand for livestock in most markets, with prices tracking these depressed sales and remaining atypically low. Between January and March, goat prices across representative markets in Marsabit, Turkana, Garissa, Wajir, Tana River, Mandera, Samburu, Baringo, and West Pokot declined 10-30 percent. These prices remain up to 50 percent below five-year averages.",5
709,"The findings also showed that 68.1% of households have adequate water supply through communal taps (52.7%), piped water (26.9%), unprotected springs (9.7%), protected and other sources (4%). Moreover, 80% of households are using improved sanitation, showing a 10% increase from the previous year. Nonetheless, some of the districts have a high percentage of households using unprotected water sources (10-17% of households in 6 districts).",11
9374,"People fleeing Mosul and Syria are in desperate need of access to quality medicine. Once they reach the safety of the camps they are able to receive some treatment, but acute and chronic cases are often left to the local government system to manage, and their shelves are empty,'",4
10167,"The Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights (IOHR) stated that the remaining civilians in the right coast of Mosul are still under threat of airstrikes. Although unidentified, the strikes seem to largely belong to US-led Coalition Forces.",9
2681,"A total of 2,411 undocumented Afghans spontaneously returned or were deported from Iran through Milak border crossing in Nimroz province from 26 February to 4 March, a 6% decrease compared with the previous week. Out of the total, 890 were spontaneous returnees and 1,521 were deportees. No returnees arrived through Islam Qala border. This brings the total number of undocumented returnees from Iran since 1 January 2017 to 46,836.",9
1611,"After 15 years, Afghanistan still cannot support itself financially or functionally. Long-term financial assistance is required if the country is to survive,” the report stated.",9
5690,"Tea export volume dropped to a 14-year low in 2016, broker data showed. Export earnings fell 5.3 percent to $1.26 billion in 2016 from $1.33 billion in 2015. Sri Lanka recorded its highest earnings of $1.63 billion in 2014.",0
8693,"Given the prevailing security situation and the lack of humanitarian access to most of the affected areas, it is not possible for the UN and partners to confirm displacement figures or to independently verify allegations of widespread human rights violations. Many ongoing humanitarian activities across Rakhine remain either suspended or severely interrupted.",5
4953,"In Haiti, since the beginning of the outbreak at the end of 2014 up to EW 6 of 2018, there have been 410 probable cases of diphtheria reported, including 75 deaths.1 Reported case-fatality rates were 22.3% in 2015, 27% in 2016 and 10.7% in 2017 and 2018. During the first four epidemiological weeks of 2018, 2 to 5 probable cases per EW were reported similar to that observed during the last four weeks of 2017.   Females accounted for 57% of the total probable cases in 2015, 50% in 2016, 60% in 2017, and 47% in 2018 (up to EW 6). With respect to vaccination coverage, between 2015 and 2018 the unvaccinated cases accounted for 17% (2018) to 38% (2015) of the total cases. Children less than 10 years of age accounted for 64% of the probable cases reported between 2017 to EW 4 of 2018. ",4
10516,"A cluster of 8 suspect meningitis deaths reported from Yieth-Lieth, Kuach South payam, Gogrial West county on 29 Mar 2018. Investigations identified malaria cases among survivors but the epidemiological details on the deaths were consistent with epidemic meningitis. No new cases in week 14.In Torit, suspect meningitis continued to decline with no new cases in week 15 and the weekly attack rate remaining below the alert threshold in weeks 11 , 12, 13, 14, & 15. At least 173 suspect cases (31 deaths) reported. PCR sample testing revealed no definitive etiological pathogen.",4
9226,"Italian police have received a directive from the Chief of Police  to increase efforts to identify and deport irregular migrants,  due to security concerns. The Interior Minister plans to open  16 new detention centres to host more than 1,000 migrants  prior to deportation - a significant increase on the current  capacity of four centers with 360 beds. ",1
8713,"However, due to erratic rainfall during the second part of the rainy season, localized crop losses were reported in lower elevation areas of the strip known as the Dry Corridor, leading to below-normal household stocks. For producers of black beans, these damages also mean lower income, since these producers typically sell part of their harvests.",5
11258,"Zimbabwe’s medical doctors have began their strike over working conditions, remunerations and failure by government to provide a clear way forward to solve their grievances.",4
692,"According to UNHCR data, Kenya hosted an estimated 488,415 refugees in 20172 , primarily from Somalia and South Sudan, 57 per cent of whom are children under 18. A total of 18,385 South Sudanese refugee arrived in Kenya in 2017, which includes 575 (257girls and 318boys) Unaccompanied Minors and 3,170 (1,114 girls and 2,056 boys) separated children. Inadequate sanitation and solid waste management in the camps continues to expose the refugee populations to the risk of disease outbreaks, with Cholera outbreak reported in both camps. The Influx of new refugees to Kakuma refugee camp, exposed children to crowded and congested class rooms (Pupil: Teacher Ratio-1:120), inadequate/untrained teachers and limited teaching learning materials, which compromised the quality of the education provided. About 34,055 refugees from Dadaab Refugee Camps were voluntarily repatriated to Somalia in 2017. Besides the non-registration of new arrivals in Dadaab that has exposed undocumented children to protection risks such as lack of access to basic services within the camp, FGM, child marriage, Children associated with armed forces and armed groups, increased number of returnees, teenage pregnancies and the suspension of mobile courts continue to pose protection concerns for children. Measles outbreak was also reported in Dadaab due to influx of children from Somalia who have not had access to vaccination against preventable childhood illnesses.",4
5308,"Planting of the 2017 maize crop concluded in early December. Although official estimates of the area sown are not yet available, early prospects are good as precipitations levels have recovered from last year’s drought and pest infestations are reported to be minimal. However, the good level of precipitations has raised concerns of fungal diseases affecting the maize crop.",5
5524,"On 25 August 2017, new attacks – carried out by the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) – triggered large-scale security operations by government forces, leading to displacement on an even more dramatic scale. In the period that followed, over 600,000 people, the vast majority of them being stateless Muslims, fled their homes and sought refuge in Bangladesh by October, and hundreds of villages were burned. Over 25,000 Rakhine Buddhists and people from ethnic minority groups were also displaced during the violence. According to government reports, most of these people had returned by November, apart from about 2,000 people who have not yet been able to return to their place of origin. In both 2016 and 2017, reports of widespread human rights violations were documented. Hundreds of people have been killed, many more have been injured, and people have been deeply traumatized by the violence, including sexual and gender-based violence. There are also disturbing reports of new landmines in northern Rakhine.",9
7957,"The late start to the season will affect the short rains crop; the false onset in parts of Kitui and Nyeri has  already led to germination losses. Moreover, if good rains are not sustained until the end of the year,  yields are likely to be poor. Kitui and Makueni both anticipate some level of crop failure, especially for  cereals, although Meru expects a good harvest in early 2017 if the rains continue as they are.   In some counties such as Baringo, Laikipia (mixed farming livelihood zone) and Nyeri (Kieni) the area under  production has reduced. In Baringo this is due to falling river levels and in Nyeri to the high cost of land  preparation and inputs, compounded by the loss of income from the last season.",5
4276,"On June 11, 2017, Israel’s Security Cabinet decided to reduce the supply of electricity sold to the Gaza Strip in response to a request from the Palestinian Authority.  The implementation of the reduction began on June 19. Ever since, Gaza’s hospitals, schools, factories, and households have had to contend with only between four and six hours of electricity, and often even less, followed by 12-16-hour outages. As a result, entire hospital wards have been forced to shut down, more than 100 million liters of untreated sewage has been pumped into the sea daily, and severe disruptions have been caused to business and economic activity, as well as family life.",7
2116,"Safety and security – many mentioned the security situation in Juba, including the incidents in July which has  affected and traumatized many of them and since then they do not feel safe in Juba, and a general feeling of  insecurity, related to the conflict but also to increasing criminality due to the economic situation. They have  mentioned that Juba is unsafe for women, and stated rapes and various types of sexual violence, phys ical  assaults and looting as some of the challenges that women are facing in Juba, especially outside the PoC gates  but also in town. Due to this, their freedom of movement in order to sustain livelihood was limited. ",9
8611,"The rapid reaction by the Democratic Republic of Congo to recent cases of Ebola showed lessons were learned from earlier outbreaks, a top global health official said on Friday, stressing the need to factor health into disaster risk plans. With the improved activation of early alert systems and emergency teams in Congo, 'hopefully we will not get into a full-blown outbreak like it was a few years before,' the secretary general of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies told the Thomson Reuters Foundation in an interview.",4
11353,"Heavy rainfall and floods in Zimbabwe, Malawi and Mozambique are adversely affecting crop production and may prolong need for humanitarian assistance if harvests are undermined.",3
5043,"Among the visiting team’s findings were problems with cattle raiding and the retrieval of stolen cattle, and the need for food and basic services of the more than 20,000 Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in the Logo IDP camp. The IDPs, from various parts of Central Equatoria, fled there from their homes following intensified fighting in some areas in November 2016. Ongoing rumour mongering is also part of the regional picture.",3
9062,"Daraa, Izra: 52% of sewage system out of service, garbage collection system is overwhelmed; ",11
4375,"333,343 people in IPC Phase 4 515,316 people in IPC Phase 3  ",3
4091,"Several loca?ons have reported cri?cal water scarcity and a resul?ng increase in AWD/cholera cases. In Somaliland and Puntland alone, more than 650,000 people are lacking access to safe water, while in Baidoa, over 250,000 IDPs are in dire need of humanitarian WASH assistance",4
11909,"Based on mid-upper arm circumference screening conducted during the reporting period, proxy GAM rates above extreme critical levels were found in Warrap state, while critical levels were observed in Western Equatoria, Western Bahr el Ghazal, Eastern Equatoria and Jonglei. It is important to note that the data recorded from Unity did not include the famine-affected counties; as such the state as a whole was not found to have critical GAM rates. In Warrap, an increase in the proxy GAM rate from 16.2 per cent in the previous reporting period to 27.4 percent in this period was observed. Similarly, high admission rates have been observed in the last two months, with 5,706 children admitted to various facilities in Warrap. However, the screening data needs to be interpreted cautiously, as mixed screening methods were utilized.",8
7642,"Maize and sorghum prices in Somalia declined in February but still high. Somalia’s Deyr harvest and emergency food distributions have reversed the sharp increase in maize and sorghum prices, leading to a 5 to 10 per cent decline in prices in February in central and southern areas, including Mogadishu. But the sharp reduction in cereal output during 2016 has doubled coarse grain prices compared to a year earlier. Production last year was the lowest on record since the beginning of the conflict in 1988 and 45 per cent lower than the average of the previous five years.",3
9950,"The majority of Syrian refugees – 70 per cent – do not have their national ID card (not Lebanon specific but all Syrian refugees, also does not say if this is registered only or all). The worst-affected are Syrian  refugees in Lebanon where only 23 percent of over-14s included in the data collection have this document. The lack of identity documents also has a negative knock-on effect for acquiring legal residency documents in refugees’ host countries. A high proportion of all respondents – on average 24 percent – are not included in their family booklet. The family booklet is a document issued by the Government  of Syria that records all the members of a family and is evidence of both parental identity and marital status for displaced families. ",9
10404,"In his report, he said the flooding has submerged rice fields in the affected municipalities. ",5
4264,"Since the beginning of the outbreak (on 4 April 2018), a total of 56 EVD cases and 25 deaths (case fatality rate 44.6%) have been reported, as of 3 June 2018. Of the 56 cases, 37 have been laboratory confirmed, 13 are probable (deaths for which it was not possible to collect laboratory specimens for testing) and six are suspected. Of the confirmed and probable cases, 25 (50%) are from Iboko, followed by 21 (42%) from Bikoro and four (8%) from Wangata health zones. A total of five healthcare workers have been affected, with four confirmed cases and two deaths.",4
2789,". With low livestock production and unfavourable terms of trade, extreme coping mechanisms – such as reducing the number and size of meals, selling remaining productive assets and, in increasing numbers of cases, destitution and displacement owing to the complete loss of livestock assets – have been observed throughout affected areas. According to a recent assessment, the need for emergency livelihood support will continue to escalate for livestock-dependent households until the end of the year with the possibility of extending further, particularly in southern Somali Region, South Omo Zone of SNNPR and the lowlands of Borena, Guji and Bale Zones of Oromia Region.",0
6864,"Schools have been targets of choice for Boko Haram and the United Nations estimates that 1,500 were destroyed since 2014, with at least 1,280 casualties among teachers and students. In some cases, schools also provided the settings for another of the group’s main tactics: the mass abduction of children. Credible reports indicate that at least 4,000 girls, boys and young women were abducted during the period under review, including the 276 girls taken from their school in Chibok three years ago.",9
4438,The World Bank has downgraded the Indian economy’s growth forecast as sharp falls in the country’s automobile and real estate sales flagged the short-term impact of recalling India’s two most-used bank notes. ,5
8451,"54 health facilities are located in flood prone areas, and majority of structures are not built to withstand either strong winds or cyclones. Investment in structural reinforcement and/or transition to more durable semi-permanent structures is needed for Health Facilities.",4
9816,"Trauma care also remains a critical concern, especially near front line areas. Since 17 October last year, according to the World Health Organization (WHO), over 8,243 people have been referred to hospitals in Mosul and neighbouring Governorates, with 823 cases reported from western Mosul alone during the period between 5 to 29 April.",4
5692,"In the whole of Libya, although about 2/3 (4,005) of the total (6,330) People Living with HIV/AIDS registered are being treated, there is a discontinuity in the treatment as there is non-availability of ART.  Percent of measles vaccination through routine immunisation is not reported.  Access to some detention centres was difficult to secure.  Supplies and Logistic obstacles ; Unavailability of space to certain destinations inside Libya, clearance process takes longer period .",4
6625,"However, the reduced 2016 harvest has limited the seed supplies available for this planting season.",5
9084,"The national mean food consumption score (FCS) slightly increased from 43 in July to 44.6 in August (Figure 1). This is mainly due to an increased consumption of pulses, dairy products and sugar. However, over half the surveyed households continue to have inadequate food consumption: 23 percent have poor FCS and 27 percent have borderline FCS. Food consumption varied considerably across the 21 surveyed governorates, with FCS ranging from over 60 in Al-Maharah and Aden to 38 in Lahj, Al Bayda, Al Jawf and Ad Dali and 34.7 in Raymah. In Ad Dali, the share of households with poor food consumption rose from 30 percent in July to 45 percent in August (Map 2); around 33 percent of surveyed households reported having received food assistance in August.",3
1266,"More than 1.1 million people have been affected, including 155,000 displaced. Of the affected population, some 309,000 are boys, girls and adolescences.  • With 29 per cent of the affected population, he Department of Piura is bearing the brunt of the floods and mudslides.  • Some of the most pressing needs are related to WASH, Health, Food Security and Shelter sectors.  • Although the majority of displaced people are with host families, some 22,500 people have moved to 135 official temporary shelters in nine departments.",3
4973,"The CoI has reported that government-allied militias and other pro-government forces have also conducted widespread attacks on the population, committing crimes against humanity, including 'extermination, murder, rape or other forms of sexual violence, torture, imprisonment, enforced disappearance and other inhuman acts.'  ",9
2059,Save the Children is on the ground providing urgently needed food and shelter to children and families who have fled from Myanmar to Bangladesh. We are distributing hygiene kits to stop disease spreading among already vulnerable people. We have set up safe spaces for children who have arrived alone after losing family members to violence and the chaos of leaving their homes.,7
6418,"Protection ? Preparations are underway for a possible renewed influx of South Sudanese refugees into Gambella at the end of the rainy season in November. However, the question of finding a suitable site for a refugee camp remains a challenge, for which continued advocacy with ARRA and the Regional Government is a priority.",10
3895,"Drought, followed by flooding along the lower reaches of the Limpopo River, has left Gaza province with a deficit of more than 15 million meticals for the purchase of seeds for the second agricultural growing season.",0
5203,"The torrential rains falling in parts of central Mozambique have left about 5,000 people in the interior of Dondo district, in Sofala province, without any road communication with the rest of the country. ",6
6447,"According to a report Algeria developed as part of its contribution to the 2015 Paris Agreement on climate change action, average annual rainfall in the country has fallen by more than 30 percent in recent decades. The country is also facing higher temperatures. Summer heat has soared in Batna province, in northeast Algeria, climbing from a maximum temperature of about 100 degrees Fahrenheit in 1990 to more than 107 degrees Fahrenheit (41 degrees Celsius) in 2017.warming driven by emissions from around the world is having big impacts here, including more extreme weather conditions.For Ghodbane, drought has meant that he needs to water the wheat and barley he also grows using an irrigation system – something that takes time and money. He said he is becoming more heavily dependent on well water as rainfall disappears.Around the region, herders are searching for water by digging new and deeper wells to reach aquifers. Some share water with neighboring landowners by taking turns using a common well.",5
10525,"One of the sheikhs of camp Murnei, in West Darfur, told this station that seventeen people had a leg amputated in the camp because of diabetes-related complications. About 20 people reportedly suffer from mental illness.He called on the humanitarian authorities and organisations to provide health care and the necessary medical and psychological support, especially to the patients. ",4
9610,"When Filippo Grandi, the high commissioner for the UN refugee agency, UNHCR, visited Minawao in December, he was met with a delegation that presented a list of grievances.  They included complaints over insufficient food, water, and firewood. They criticised the lack of adequate health care, overcrowded classrooms, and the need for more clothes and blankets.  ",7
9923,"Greek authorities are failing to provide adequate protection for women and girls living in government-run, European Union-sponsored facilities for asylum seekers on the island of Lesbos, Human Rights Watch said today. In November, 2017, Human Rights Watch interviewed 25 asylum-seeking women and girls as young as 13, living in the Moria “hotspot” on Lesbos. They described harassment, the threat of gender-based violence, and health risks. Human Rights Watch found that the conditions resulted from insufficient security, poor hygiene and sanitation facilities, and failures in the system to identify and address the needs of vulnerable people.",11
8703,"Six months into the military operation to retake Mosul City from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), civilians continue to have significant humanitarian needs. These needs are most severe among displaced families, both in and out of camps, and vulnerable residents in newly accessible areas.  On 19 February, Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) resumed military operations to retake western Mosul from ISIL. The humanitarian impact has been significant. Since the new offensive began, approximately 330,000 people from west Mosul have been displaced to camps and emergency sites as of 18 April, according to the Government of Iraq.",5
9636,"In the most likely scenario, though, agropastoral areas of Bay/Bakool and Northern Inland Pastoral livelihood zone are expected to face Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes, and associated risk of increased mortality, through September.",3
3726,Three people lost their lives and two others have been injured after a series of avalanches struck a village near the northern Iranian city of Damavand in Tehran province on 3 February 2017. A number of cars were also hit by the deadly avalanches on a nearby road late Friday but Red Crescent rescue and relief teams succeeded in retrieving four vehicles from under the snow.,10
8253,"In addition to the pressures that ongoing insecurity exerts on humanitarian needs, much of the fighting observed in April has taken place in areas identified as facing potential crisis and emergency food security statuses by the February 2018 Integrated Food Security Phase Classification (IPC) report. This report projects 6.3 million (57 per cent) and 7.1 million (63 per cent) of the population as facing crisis and emergency (IPC Phases 3 and 4, respectively) acute food insecurity in the absence of humanitarian assistance in February-April and May-July 2018, respectively. Additionally, 55,150 and 155,000 people are projected to face catastrophic nutrition conditions in February-April and May-July 2018, respectively",3
7331,"Many are settling in remote river communities, with their home villages still in sight across the water but out of reach for those who do not want to risk their lives. On the Congolese side, some villages have grown to four times their original size due to the refugee arrivals and life is hard. “The children are dying, and we do not even know why,” says Philomene Gerekanda, traditional chief of the village of Lembo Rive in DRC in which refugees have set up huts next to the houses of locals. There is a lack of health services, not enough schools and not enough drinking water.",4
4900,"OCHA reported, as of the same date, that two hospitals have been damaged: Kermanshah's main hospital is running at a reduced capacity, whereas Sarpol-e Zahab hospital is closed. In Sarpol-e Zahab, half of the school facilities have collapsed. Reports indicate that 70 000 people are in need of emergency shelter, and 30% of the affected areas remain without power.",4
2828,"Thousands of displaced people who have fled the fighting between the Sudanese army, militias and rebel movements in Jebel Marra in 2016, to Nierteti are facing “an acute shortage of food, shelter and medicines”. A tribal Sheikh told Radio Dabanga that 21,000 people fled to Nierteti camps in the beginning of 2016.",4
3593,"Cases have been reported from 14 different districts, including Toamasina and Antananarivo, an overcrowded city of over 2 million people. These places have highly populated settlements, characterized by rapid and unplanned urbanization with poor living standards. The management and control of an outbreak in such setting is therefore complex and difficult.",4
2538,"The Sheikh Jarrah residential neighbourhood is a key target for settlement activity owing to its strategic proximity to the 1949 Armistice Line (Green Line) and to the Old City. The area is already the site of a number of Israeli government institutions, including the police and border police headquarters, the Ministry of Justice, and the national insurance building, which is currently under construction. The Shepherd Hotel was expropriated by the Israeli authorities in 1967: the final stages of a new settlement is underway on the site. On another plot of land in Sheikh Jarrah an office building has been constructed for the Amana Association, a settler organization (See map).11",10
10587,"Since late 2017, the Burmese government has cleared at least 55 villages of all structures and vegetation using heavy machinery. Most of these villages were among the 362 villages completely or partially destroyed by arson since August 25, 2017, during the security forces’ ethnic cleansing campaign against the Rohingya. However, the satellite images show that at least two of the villages demolished were previously undamaged by fire and likely inhabitable. Hundreds of buildings have been demolished in 10 other villages partially destroyed by arson.“Many of these villages were scenes of atrocities against Rohingya and should be preserved so that the experts appointed by the UN to document these abuses can properly evaluate the evidence to identify those responsible,” said Brad Adams, Asia director. “Bulldozing these areas threatens to erase both the memory and the legal claims of the Rohingya who lived there.”",9
1215,"Incidents related to the protection of civilians, one third of which involve men in uniform, have increased worryingly since April 2017. The local population has come under pressure of the influx in a region already beset by poverty and underdevelopment.",9
8917,"Some 11.9 million people in the northeast of Nigeria are estimated to be at risk of food insecurity or are food insecure. Of those, 96 per cent in critical phases of food insecurity live in the most affected states of Borno, Adamawa and Yobe.",3
2631,"Hundreds of residents at the border of West Pokot and Elgeyo Marakwet are sleeping in snake-infested caves following fresh violence in the Kerio ValleyAttackers from both sides have for the last three days been shooting in the air in preparation for war..This was after five people were shot dead after suspected Marakwet bandits raided Chesegon, West Pokot, on Friday.The body of Nathan Korir, a 19-year-old who was shot during the raid, is still missing. Efforts to recover Korir's body were rendered futile after bandits repulsed police officers in armoured personnel cars on Sunday.Pokot herders are said to be gearing for a major retaliatory attack as more than 300 cows, 663 goats and 16 sheep were stolen.Kiptoo said women and children were sleeping in the cold and inside dangerous caves in the escarpments for fear of bandits.",5
4846,"Actions undertaken by primary protection actors Although female FGDs openly mentioned tension with host community, participants in male FGDs were cautious, only mentioning other risks. Men feel that, as their movement is restricted to the camp, any incident with the host community in the forest is not supposed to have happened in the first place. The Mahjis are aware of incidents with the host community and have advised the refugee community to hand over their tools and wood and “turn their back while being beaten and wait for it to be done”. Although the army is aware of the refugee community accessing the forest, Mahjis and refugees themselves do not to report these incidents to the army for fear of being prohibited to fetch their only source of fuel.",9
11723,"River routes are popular in DRC because only two percent of the country’s 152,000-kilometre road network is paved. Mbandaka port on the Congo river bustles with vessels ranging from small pirogues to larger ships that travel with passengers to Kinshasa. DRC’s capital is about 600 kilometres to the south and home to some 12 million people. Several other port towns with sizeable populations dot the route. Brazzaville, the capital of the Republic of Congo, is across the river from Kinshasa. Mbandaka is also connected, via the Oubangui River, to Bangui, the capital of the Central African Republic.",4
9702,"With the region’s high elevation, displaced residents are subject to harsher weather than other parts of Syria, including strong winds and sub-zero temperatures in the winter. ",4
3289,"The recent assessment mission to Kapoeta, Eastern Equatoria in mid-February found the overall food security and livelihods situation to be at a critical level as a result of two consecutive years of minimal rainfall that led to total crop failure. The area is the only location in South Sudan currently estimated to be in a drought situation. At the time of the assessment, all water points in the counties were being shared by humans and livestock, while many schools in rural villages were closed due to non-attendence by students, with hunger among children being cited as the reason. The poor food security situation is exacerbated by the ongoing economic crisis and high commodity prices in the markets. Additionally, unprecedented levels of cattle raiding has led to a lack of access to milk and meat for the Toposa pastoral community, the main inhabitants of Greater Kapoeta.",11
5418,"Although it is likely assistance will continue in 2018 at some level, insufficient evidence is available to determine if assistance is likely to improve the phase classification at the livelihood-zone level. Even in a scenario of continued assistance at current levels, Famine (IPC Phase 5) is still possible, as households coping capacity will further erode as they face two additional poor seasons. In the event of a protracted absence of humanitarian assistance, Famine (IPC Phase 5) is likely. Large-scale assistance is needed throughout 2018 to prevent the loss of lives and collapse of livelihoods.",3
10847,"Sri Lanka is experiencing a drought at present over most parts of the country from the beginning of the year 2016. Even though Sri Lanka experienced a spell of extremely heavy rain during midMay, the total cumulative rainfall received to date during 2016 is below normal and highly erratic as both the south west and north east monsoons failed to bring enough rainfall. ",1
5146,"Although many households are recovering, food insecurity remains a significant problem in Mozambique. Above-average harvests in mid-2017 will allow most areas of Mozambique to experience Minimal (IPC 1) food insecurity through May 2018, according to the Famine Early Warning Systems Network (FEWS NET).* However, FEWS NET anticipates that populations in parts of Sofala, Manica and Tete provinces will face Stressed (IPC 2) or Crisis (IPC 3) levels of food insecurity until the harvest in mid-April, and some affected households will require humanitarian assistance to meet their basic food needs. The nation’s Technical Secretariat of Food Security and Nutrition (SETSAN) also expects that more than 361,000 Mozambicans will be acutely food insecure between October 2017 and March 2018. Furthermore, concerning levels of acute malnutrition have been noted in localized districts across the nation, according to the latest IPC acute malnutrition analysis.",3
5963,"So far, the country has recorded six H5N1 and two H5N6 outbreaks, in C?n Th? City, Cao B?ng, V?nh Long, ??k L?k, Qu?ng Ninh and Th?a Thiên Hu? provinces, the department said, warning that the risk of bird flu outbreaks is very high in the near future.",4
1872,"Cape Town is running out of water and low dam levels in the emerald-green highlands of Lesotho are raising alarm bells in South Africa's industrial heartland around Johannesburg, which has so far avoided the shortages hitting other regions.",11
4161,"The report documents that 34 civilians, including seven children and two women, have either died drowning as they were fleeing by sea or in bombings that SNHR hasn’t been able to identify its perpetrators or were carried out by unidentified armed groups to SNHR in addition to the victims who fell in the indiscriminate bombardment of the Turkish land and air forces. ",4
8590,"Above-average cereal harvest gathered in 2017  Harvesting of the 2017 cereal crops was completed in January 2018. The 2017 national production is estimated at above average levels owing to the timely onset and good distribution of the rains in most states. However, the rainy season ceased early in September 2017 in the northeast reducing local production prospects. In these areas, despite localized improvements in security, effects of the Boko Haram conflict and the threat of new attacks continue to affect agricultural activities and other livelihoods.  Despite some floods in September 2017, which affected 22 out of 36 states and substantial outbreaks of pests (including Fall Armyworm), the country’s aggregate cereal output in 2017 is tentatively estimated at about 24.4 million tonnes, well above the last five-year average. The 2017 harvest included 11.1 million tonnes of maize (15 percent above average), 6.3 million tonnes of sorghum (equivalent to the average) and 5.4 million tonnes of rice (13 percent above average).  Near-average rainfall amounts also provided generally favourable conditions for pastoralists with sufficient pasture and water availability. However, limited access to pastures in conflict-affected areas resulted in early movements of pastoralists and consequent increased competition for pasture.  Slightly above average imports forecast  Despite the increases in local production, the country remains a net cereal importer and cereal imports (mostly rice and wheat for human consumption) are forecast to reach 7.8 million tonnes in 2017/18, about 6 percent above the five-year average. The country is still the largest rice importer in Africa, importing on average about 2.6 million tonnes per year. Reports indicate there might not be sufficient foreign exchange availability to meet demand for imported cereals.  Prices of food remain high in the northeast  Wholesale prices of maize generally strengthened in January 2018, while those of millet and sorghum remained relatively stable or weakened in some markets. The price of white gari (made from cassava) and rice showed mixed trends. Prices were generally below their year-earlier values, but still relatively high, particularly in the northeastern parts of the country, where the ongoing conflict continues to hinder food production activities and disrupt the markets. The high level of food prices reflects the reduced value of the local currency against the US dollar throughout 2017, high transport costs and strong demand from traders and institutional bodies to replenish their stocks. The high prices of food are reflected in the annual food inflation, which remained high at 18.9 percent in January 2018.  Some improvements in food security but over 3 million still in need of food assistance  According to the latest “Cadre Harmonisé” (Harmonized Framework) analysis, the estimated number of people facing acute food insecurity and requiring urgent life-saving response and livelihood protection has declined from 8.9 million in June-August 2017 to about 3.2 million in October-December 2017 across the 16 states and Federal Capital Territory that were analysed. Moreover, approximately 1.7 million people have been internally displaced due to the insurgency in the northeastern region of the country as of February 2018, most of them entering being displaced for more than two years. Insecurity and damaged infrastructure, particularly in the Borno State, put additional strain on the delivery of humanitarian aid.",3
7765," In late December and early January, outbreaks of the Fall Armyworm have been reported in all provinces in the south and some parts of the north. This type of armyworm is new to the continent and may have a more significant impact on cropped area.",3
7053,"A third of landmine victims in Karabakh are children, and in addition to facing the threat of debilitating injuries and death, the Karabakhi people are financially threatened as minefields hinder agricultural and family businesses.",9
6311,Security sources also said 30 people suspected of being linked to the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) were arrested on Tuesday in operations in the southeastern province of Sirnak.,9
11920,"In the south, there is concern at possible flooding in the Limpopo river basin in Gaza province. According to Thursdays issue of the Hydrological Bulletin from the national water resources directorate, water flowing in from neighbouring countries has raised the Limpopo to 29 centimetres above flood alert level at Pafuri, where the Mozambican, Zimbabwean and South African borders meet. The flood surge is moving downstream and by Sunday the river could be above alert level at the next measuring station, in Combomune.",1
9838,"A string of court cases and judicial investigations against Lebanese media figures is testing this country's reputation as a forum for ideas in a region blanketed by censorship and threats to the press. Lebanese authorities are getting tough on free speech ahead of national elections, summoning two leading talk show hosts to court over on-air remarks and sentencing an analyst to jail for comments she made in Washington about the Lebanese army.",9
342,"Zambia has reported that almost 90 000 hectares of maize have been affected, forcing farmers to replant their crops. ",5
7956,"An estimated 14.5 million people require assistance to ensure access to safe drinking water and sanitation, including 8.2 million who are in acute need. This represents an increase of 8 per cent since late 2014, and the severity of needs has intensified. ",11
2841,"Haemorrhagic fever outbreak feared in Sudan’s Red Sea state Tokar hospital in Sudan’s Red Sea state has received dozens of people complaining of symptoms which some suspect might be haemorrhagic fever, a diagnosis denied by authorities. A medical source told Radio Dabanga that the hospital received more than 60 patients on Tuesday and Wednesday.Mekki Abdullah Mohammed, the locality’s Commissioner, has acknowledged the emergence of fevers in the area over the past week, but strongly denies it being haemorrhagic fever.The Commissioner confirmed that 82 people were infected with these fevers: between seven and 10 infected people are hospitalised every day and discharged after 48 hours.",4
10234,"As consequence of the DINEO cyclone, several basic social services such as health care, education and water supply (especially in urban areas) were disrupted due to lack of electricity and partial destruction of the respective infrastructures (health units and classrooms).",2
6558,"While breaking up of the ice of rivers, forming of small mashes and ice jam on narrow sections of river beds and in areas of bridge structures is still possible. It can cause the deterioration of the hydrological situation and lead to an increase of water level and flooding. Humanitarian support, transportation, psychosocial support are much needed. Consequent to the floods and ice flow, a pontoon crossing which had been previously prepared to replace the broken bridge across Pripyat river, has broken down. The bridge was the main transport corridor connecting the central and southern part of Belarus trough the highway P-88 Zhitkovichi - David Gorodok - the villages of Chernici in the Zhitkovichi District. The Ministry of Emergencies and the Ministry of Defense provide boats to organise transportation of citizens. It is currently not possible to re-install the pontoon because of slob ice and rising water levels.",6
1581,"Shortages in food, fuel, water, electricity and cash are reported as a result of the ongoing conflict. According to the World Bank, the armed conflict has cut the income per capita of Libyan households in more than half, falling to less than USD 4,500 in 2015 from almost USD 13,000 in 2012.",5
5508,"In January 2018, four major hazard incidents occurred among which 2 were man-made (fire and boat/ trawler capsize) and 2 were natural (earthquake and cold wave throughout the month). Incidents in January were at its pick in number and most of these were in small in scale.Although frequency of hazards are quite low in number, but intensity of those are quite noteworthy. 22 fire incidents took over 5 lives of people with several property loss. Cold wave throughout the month caused serious disruption to livelihood and distress to the affected people. Sometimes minimum temperature goes below 10°C, minimum temperature was recorded 2.6 degree Celsius. These had unadorned difficulties to human life all over the country. Government assistance were required to recovery from these worse situations.",5
1873,"However, the flow of food commodities was disrupted in areas subject to access restrictions and heavy military activity, such as Ar-Raqqa, Deir-ez-Zor, Idleb, Dar’a and rural Damascus where insecurity and fuel shortages resulted high transportation cost and affected supplies to higher food prices.",3
2560,"In Zalingei of Central Darfur, 2 people died of cholera and 7 others were taken to Zalingei hospital on Monday and Tuesday.",4
1477,"Conflict and displacement, compounded now with cholera and famine, have created new vulnerabilities as a result of, among others, loss of heads of households, family separation and the breakdown of community structures, increasing resort to adverse coping mechanisms as well as increasing the mental health and psycho social support needs of the population. The most recent multi-cluster location assessment identified more than 1 million IDPs and host community members with specific needs, including malnourished children (27%), elderly (22%), pregnant / breastfeeding women (18%), chronically ill (8%), female heads of households (6%), minor heads of households (6%), persons with disabilities (7%) and separated and unaccompanied children (3%).2 An updated multi-cluster location assessment is currently underway.",9
11085,"Prolonged displacement has put a strain not only on the displaced but also on host communities. There continue to be serious concerns about the protection of civilians, as illustrated by the situation that unfolded in Tanai township in July 2017 and later on in Mogaung township. While the Government initiated some projects to provide solutions for displaced people, return and relocation options have remained elusive for most of the displaced due to insecurity and ongoing armed conflict. Landmine contamination is another serious concern, affecting the safety and security of the civilian population and making it difficult to achieve durable solutions.",1
1414,"One in three schools are now out of use because they have been bombed, taken over by armed groups or turned into shelters for fleeing families. The latest escalation comes after a period of relative calm in many parts of Syria and as the crisis has started to fade from global attention.",2
7434," Despite favorable rainfall levels in 2016 and an improvement in agricultural conditions in most of Nigeria, food security conditions remain poor in Boko Haram-affected areas of the country’s northeastern states due to high food prices, livelihood disruptions, and market constraints, according to the USAID-funded Famine Early Warning Systems Network (FEWS NET). Although the food security situation continues to deteriorate in inaccessible areas, humanitarian assistance has likely prevented conditions among some internally displaced persons (IDPs) from worsening, FEWS NET reports",3
10106,"The lack of electricity and water, shortage of the food, closed and destructed hospitals, and suicide attempts and about 2900 people killed are within the worst 100 days in al-Raqqa. The storage of food is diminishing, as the citizens intended earlier to store legumes, grains and other materials that could be kept for a long time, while the electricity and drinkable don’t exist in the city.",7
2983,"In Borno,26,967 were residing in partially burned houses and 5,126 were living in makeshift shelters. ",10
2709,"Shelter conditions were assessed for 201,796 returnees, or 16 per cent of the total identified population of returnees. Seventy six per cent of shelters assessed were not damaged, twenty per cent were partially damaged and four per cent were makeshift shelters. Borno, the most-affected state in north-eastern Nigeria, had the highest proportion of returnees residing in makeshift shelters (5,276 out of 84,624 returnees assessed, or six per cent). Moreover, 26 per cent of IDPs in Borno were living in partially burnt shelters and 67 per cent were not damaged.",10
3153,"The number of people suspected to be infected with cholera in Tana River County has risen to 227, up from 218 last week as the county health personnel continue to investigate the source of infection.Health officers in Tana River County are yet to establish the source of the disease, 40 days since it was first reported.More than 90 people have tested positive for cholera, while 227 are suspected of having the disease. ",4
6937,"Boreholes are the sole source of water, but do not provide sufficient volumes to meet the needs of those who remain in the city. To cope, residents are reducing water consumption and modifying hygiene practices. The available water is of poor quality and has reportedly led to sickness. Repairs to the water network are reportedly needed in 14 out of 24 neighbourhoods.In Nahda neighbourhood, KIs reported garbage in the streets and an infestation of rats and pests. In Hurriyeh, garbage is not being collected or disposed of.",11
3813,"group of around 50 Syrian refugees trapped between Morocco and Algeria face a 'catastrophic situation' as they are unable to move in either direction, rights watchdogs warned Wednesday.Women and children are among those who have been stranded in the no man's land since the end of April.",1
11692,"The population in Kibossi had been living in conditions of food insecurity for the last two years and had only recently been allowed by the military based in the village to re-gain access to their fields. Some farmers reported having already cleared and planted their fields, but the mission was unable to verify the extent of planting at this stage. A preliminary nutritional screening conducted at the Kibossi health center revealed the presence of more than 50 malnourished children, as well as a number of young pregnant girls, in need of nutritional supplements. The elementary school has been closed since the beginning of the conflict as teachers and administrative staff had fled the area. The secondary school had re-opened briefly at the beginning of the year but had to close abruptly following the sudden death of the school director. Thus children of all ages in Kibossi are now facing a third year of missed schooling.",8
7446,"Tajik authorities have detained, interrogated, and threatened relatives of 10 peaceful opposition activists who took part in a conference in Germany on July 9, 2017, in retaliation for the peaceful exercise of their fundamental rights, Human Rights Watch and the Norwegian Helsinki Committee said today.",9
10660,"The situation in Ar-Raqqa city continues to remain dire. Sustained military operations have resulted in severe shortages of foodstuffs and medicines, affecting up to 25,000 civilians still residing in the city. Residents face daily threats to their safety due to ongoing hostilities. Most residents are relying on whatever stored food they have left to survive. In terms of health services, only one wing of the National Hospital was functional as of 31 July. An airstrike on 3 August destroyed the National Hospital rendering it inoperable. The attack reportedly resulted in the death of six nurses and the injury of one doctor. Informal care points exist in other parts of the city, but they are commonly staffed by medical professionals and have only the most basic medical supplies. Access to safe water remains an urgent need, as the supply and availability of water continued to be a major gap in different locations in Ar-Raqqa Governorate, particularly Ar-Raqqa city.",3
11357,"Hospitals in Sana’a are practically unable to receive more patients, with wards and corridors already overcrowded. The situation is further aggravated by lack of necessary medical supplies and absence of proper equipment.",4
6826,"The performance of the medicines’ availability indicator was the worst compared to the other components of the readiness dimension. The destruction of the pharmaceutical industry and difficulties in importing medicines negatively affected the availability of medicines in health centres. The medicines’ availability indicator consists of six groups of medicines, of which the scarcest were the delivery-related medicines, followed by anti-diabetic preparations, and cardiac and/or vascular drugs.",6
6307,"Prices of local cereals remain well above average, and substantial livestock losses have occurred, all of which have lowered household access to food and income. Persistent drought has led to largescale population displacement.",3
9848,"Zero cases of gender-based violence have been reported in make-shift settlements since tropical storm Mora • Life-saving GBV health and psychosocial support services have not been compromised as a result of disaster • Affordability of transportation and distance to service providers are reported as largest deterrent to help-seeking for health, psychosocial, and other available services • Severe winds and rainfall have devastated unstable shelter structures of bamboo, tarp, and tin siding constituting the majority of make-shift settlement homes; female-headed households are less able to initiate reconstruction efforts due to lack of community support and availability of labor • Soiled, wet clothing and damaged personal effects following heavy rain and flooding of shelter structures limited the movement of women and girls in community left without dry, clean garments and water-resistant footwear • Electrical outage has prevented night lighting in settlement areas to increase safety and security risk to vulnerable groups including unaccompanied women, children, and persons with disability after nightfall • Women may be increasingly targeted with verbal and physical harassment during water collection as scarcity increases pre-existing tensions regarding water resource distribution between host and UMN communities in Teknaf upazilla • Disaster-affected households are seeking temporary refuge in abandoned and/or incomplete buildings, living with host families, and/or remaining in flooded homes to increase vulnerability to GBV . Access to private, lockable latrines and/or bathing facilities within a reasonable walking distance is severely compromised; women and girls have initiated accompanied toilet visits and restricted mobility at night to curb the resulting threats to safety • Mud stoves have been destroyed by the cyclone leaving many households; distribution of cooking fuel and portable stoves is highlighted as a critical need • Food and non-food item distribution modalities must demonstrate gender-sensitive planning that ensures the most vulnerable groups receive goods",9
6134,"Although the UN is not present in the areas where fighting is occurring, we have received very disturbing reports of families being shut inside booby-trapped homes and of children being deliberately targeted by snipers. Families in the city still lack access to clean water and medicine and many have only limited access to food.",11
6192,"As of 2 March, over 7,200 houses are reported to be damaged, of which 518 were destroyed. About 81 per cent of the damage is located in Surigao City and the neighboring town of San Francisco. Seven bridges are damaged, including Anao-aoan Bridge which collapsed, cutting off San Francisco. Villagers built makeshift stairs out of pieces of wood to cross the bridge, but vehicles have to detour downstream to cross the river. Local authorities are not allowing heavy vehicles to pass bridges which have sustained damage from the earthquake.",6
4432,"The situation of unaccompanied and separated children remains largely unknown. Ongoing surveys and assessments indicate that the majority of children who are separated from their parents remain in the care of extended relatives, while unaccompanied children are mainly in the care of community members and older siblings. Social workers report numerous spontaneous family reunifications as family members arrive in camps in Bangladesh, however protection concerns remain at the border areas where families relocated to various camps and children are at risk of a secondary separation if not closely followed. Follow up with families looking after separated and unaccompanied children indicates ongoing vulnerability on the part of the children, calling for stronger case management through continued supervision by social workers and family support. The recruitment of social workers who speak Burmese has been a challenge.The limited number of agencies with the capacity to respond to child survivors of gender-based violence remains a challenge. UNICEF will work with the gender-based violence sub-sector to scale up the response including training of service providers and establishing referral mechanisms.  ",9
8003,"Fighting in Lower Shabelle has displaced more than 15,000 local residents ",9
2247,"In the most likely scenario, which assumes typical seasonal deterioration and the continuation of humanitarian assistance at planned levels, widespread Crisis (IPC Phase 3) and Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes are still expected. Humanitarian assistance is likely to prevent more extreme outcomes in many areas. However, assistance is expected to meet less than 50 percent of the estimated need, and access to other food sources will be extremely low throughout the lean season. Based on this projection and the severity of acute food insecurity during the 2017 lean season, it is likely some households will be in Catastrophe (IPC Phase 5) during the upcoming lean season even in the presence of assistance.",3
584,Pastoral areas have experienced a significant fodder deficit which led to the displacement of pastoralists in search of meadow. This situation has led to significant drop-out rates in nomadic schools as parents move with their children instead of leaving them in school.,3
8416,"A Kala-azar outbreak has been reported in Marsabit County affecting mainly areas near the border with Garissa County. At least 60 cases and 1 death (child under 5) have been reported since the outbreak begun in April 2017. Kala-azar is caused by a protozoa parasite Leishmania species and is transmitted through the bites of infected female phlebotomine sandflies.   The risk factors include malnutrition, population displacement, poor housing and a weak immune system and lack of resources. Sandflies are attracted to crowded insanitary areas and easily bite those sleeping outside or on the ground. The county through the County Steering Group (CSG) has called for support in managing the outbreak.  ",4
4313,"“Rains have flooded and damaged our huts and fields. Drinking water is scarce and diseases are making life even more precarious.” This is how the internally displaced population in Bocaranga, in the western region of the Central African Republic, described their current living situation to the Cordaid team.",3
4420,"he humanitarian crisis is compounded by a worsening health situation, experts say.refugees arriving in Bangladesh were “taking a longer time to get here because of the constant violence, so their health is deteriorating significantly.”  ",4
3822,"50,000 poor households have lost their livelihoods and need immediate assistance to restore their food security during the lean season (December 2017 - April 2018). Over 179,000 hectares of crops have been damaged, including over 38,520 hectares of rice and vegetables, 17,173 hectares of perennial crops, 59,199 hectares of annual crops, 15,054 hectares of fruit trees, and 49,618 hectares of forest. In addition, 261 metric tons of seeds and 217 metric tons of food stocks have been lost. 4,472 hectares of shrimp and fish production are damaged, while 38,630 aquaculture cages have been swept away. 1,345 fishing vessels were destroyed. 641,995 poultry and 15,885 livestock have died. ",3
5171,"With as little as one-quarter of expected rainfall received, widespread drought conditions in the Horn of Africa have intensified since the failure of the October-December rains, FAO said today.  FAO estimates that over 17 million people are currently in crisis and emergency food insecurity levels in member-countries of the Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD), namely Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan and Uganda, which are in need of urgent humanitarian assistance.",5
8148,"The destruction has left thousands of already vulnerable populations and their families homeless, without access to health, water, food and community infrastructures such as latrines and schools. The destruction included schools, learning centers and materials—leaving children not only homeless but also with no hope to access any form of education. These communities, who are displaced as a result of drought, are now faced with further vulnerabilities and risks including disease outbreak, exploitation and abuse. ",2
7883,"In addition, more than 60 acute diarrhea treatment centers were damaged or completely destroyed in the affected areas. Assessed communities reported that access to healthcare significantly decreased since the hurricane due to the destruction or damage of health facilities, inaccessibility due to damaged roads, and the lack of qualified staff, medicines and financial means to pay health costs15. In hurricane-affected communities, 609,000 people need access to safe water, through rehabilitation of systems, cleaning and protection of sources and wells. They also need access to chlorinated water, at water point in priority, otherwise at household level. At least 26 water supply systems need to be rehabilitated. Together with their shelter, people need to re-access proper sanitation facilities. ",4
9435,"Nearly 63000 people have been affected by the ongoing floods in Dadaab Refugee camp.The three most affected camps in Dadaab Dagahaley, Ifo and Ifo 2 have a total of 36,335 families of which 11,684 have been affected by the floods.“2,922 families have been worst affected. Their most urgent needs are food, shelter materials, mosquito nets and beddings.  ",7
5256,"GOVERNMENT forces in the Democratic Republic of Congo are embroiled in fresh human rights scandal after video footage shows soldiers summarily executing civilians, including women and children.",9
5070,"All of these multiple movements bring with them associated protection risks, which have consequences on women, girls, men and boys residing in areas where civil administrations are either limited or non-existent.",1
5483,"The EU is aware of the terrible conditions: As it has increased its efforts to keep people in Libya, it has also given money to try to improve the situation in centres affiliated with the DCIM. But the official status of these centres is often a thin veneer. “I have yet to go to a facility that is officially under DCIM that I would say is fully run by authorities,” explained Hanan Salah, Libya researcher for Human Rights Watch. Instead, most official detention centres are under the control of militias and armed groups who see them as moneymaking ventures. On an unannounced visit to one DCIM affiliated facility, Salah found around 1,300 people in a room fit to hold no more than 150. People were sleeping in shifts and had limited access to toilets. “The hygienic conditions were absolutely inhumane and absolutely disgusting,” she said. “I spoke with people who hadn’t been able to change their clothes in… six months.” These nominally official detention centres are where the 20,000 people in Sabratha were sent after being released from the smuggling warehouses in the city. Salah is concerned that the large influx of people into the DCIM centres could result in a humanitarian disaster. “They’re barely able to handle the 1,000 people or the 2,000 people that they have on any given day in one of the prisons,” she said.  ",9
959,"Yesterday morning, a SAMS facility in East Ghouta began receiving patients suffering from constricted pupils, coughing, vomiting, and bradypnea (abnormally slow breathing), all of which are symptoms indicative to exposure to chemical compounds. The victims reported that they were exposed to a substance following an artillery strike. Of the 61 individuals exposed to the substance, 15 required hospitalization, including 11 who were admitting to SAMS facilities.  Initially, the triage center attempted to treat the victims as if they had suffered from exposure to chlorine. However, the victims did not respond to this treatment. They were then transferred to nearby facilities and administered an antidote to treat exposure to phosphorous compounds, which was successful stabilizing the victims. We are concerned that this chemical agent may have been phosphorous, yet the lack of medication and medical equipment available in East Ghouta due to the siege has made it increasingly difficult for doctors to effectively diagnose and respond accordingly.",9
8763,Security interrogation of patients: 62 patients (44 males; 18 females) were requested for interrogation by the General Security Services at Erez during August. Four were approved permits to travel for health care. ,4
6240,"Cereal output for 2017 is uncertain. An abnormal distribution of precipitation levels characterized the 2017 spring season, concluded in August, which accounts for 60 percent of the cereal output. This is the fourth consecutive spring season since 2013, where rainfall levels deviate from their long-term average. The 2017 spring season had both excess rains as well as significant dry periods. Maize production for the 2017 spring season is anticipated at 15 percent below its level from the same season a year earlier. Sorghum output during the spring season is estimated at 18 percent below its 2016 level for the season.",0
4623,"According to the 2017 Humanitarian Needs Overview (HNO), food insecurity among the affected population is increasing due to protracted displacement, disruption to markets and lower food commodity production. Livelihoods and access to basic social services have been affected by the conflict, exposing the most vulnerable people to a high risk of inadequate food consumption and forcing people into negative coping strategies such as spending savings, cutting the number of daily meals and reducing non-food related expenses, particularly in health and education.",3
2908,"The top priority needs for recently displaced IDPs in Surman, Az-Zawya and Al-Ajaylat, as reported by KIs, were 1) safety and security; 2) access to healthcare, and to medicine in particular; and 3) access to cash, generally to purchase food. In general, KIs reported a strong preference for cash-based interventions over other types of aid.",5
6941,"Thousands more people are fleeing Mosul every day since Iraqi troops began their push into the last Islamic State-held areas of the city last week, with food and water running out and the fighting killing increasing numbers of civilians.  More than 22,000 people have fled Mosul since the U.S.-backed forces opened a new front in the northwest of the city on May 4 to try to finally dislodge the militants, the United Nations said on Wednesday, citing Iraqi government figures.",9
6988,"MORE than 27 000 pupils from 102 schools in the Omusati, Oshana, Ohangwena and Zambezi regions are negatively affected by floods, education minister Katrina-Hanse Himarwa said yesterday.",2
6731," • The new AWD/cholera cases reported in Beletweyne started in December 2017. All the new outbreaks in Banadir,Kismayo and Jowhar started in 2018  • The current cholera outbreak in Middle Shabelle, Kismayo Banadir and Beletweyn is associated to the use of contaminated water from unprotected water sources. For Hiran and Middle Shabelle regions, the situation has been worsened by complete Dryness of Shabelle River for several months.",4
9294,"The unprecedented level of mismanagement of the nation’s affairs since 2012 has caused serious health issues, including widespread suffering and preventable deaths. Shadow Minister for Health and HIV/AIDS, Joseph Yopyyopy, has called for swift and appropriate Government action to prevent the further deterioration of PNG’s most basic and essential health services. He warned of catastrophic consequences resulting from Government inaction whilst noting that the PNC-led Government drastically cut health spending for the past three years, including 2017.",4
1689,"The most recent SMART nutrition surveys conducted in Syria (11 out of 14 governorates) in 2015/16, indicated acceptable levels of GAM (3%) and chronic malnutrition (12.7%) among children under-five based on the WHO classification (<5% and <20% respectively).",8
5478,"Intermittent rains are expected to arrive late this month or early April, followed by the monsoon. Yet, they will not alleviate the problems faced by farmers who have lost their rice harvest to the drought. ",0
4920,"Fires broke out in three internally displaced sites in Kalemie Territory between 13th and 14th February, destroying around 524 huts.",10
10476,"Nearly 2.2 million Yemeni children are acutely malnourished and 462,000 suffer from severe acute malnutrition – almost a three-fold rise over 2014 levels. ",2
11320,"Following several months of clashes, fighting again erupted between armed actors in Nasir, Upper Nile, on 2 January, forcing civilians to flee. According to partners, houses were burnt in Jikmir, Khoat and Kuetrengke payams, and thousands of people, including 2,000 in Wanding payam, are reported to have been displaced. Even prior to the arrival of the IDPs, food insecurity and access to basic services was a concern in Wading due to the failure of crops, lack of treated water, and absence of schools or health care centres",5
7802," The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) condemns in the strongest possible terms the use of chemical weapons during fighting around the Iraqi city of Mosul. Seven patients with symptoms consistent with an exposure to a toxic chemical agent are currently being treated at Rozhawa hospital, close to Mosul, where fighting is ongoing. ICRC medical teams at the hospital are offering full support to the local medical teams.",4
74,"Storms in Montevideo, heavy rains and hail falls in some sectors caused the closure of streets due to tree falls according to reports from the Mobility Management Center of the Intendance of Montevideo. Until today, the country has an orange alert for some departments and yellow for the rest, according to the Uruguayan Institute of Meteorology (INUMET). In Durazno there are 1,700 users without electric power, crews work on the removal of trees.",7
4700,A school in Noen Ma Prang district on Sunday morning was hit by a flash flood for the 8th time this year following a heavy downpour on the Chomphu mountain range on Saturday night. About 100 houses in the area were also flooded.,2
10712,Education acute Needs 0.4M / Chronic Needs 0.1M Shelter NFI Acute Needs 0.9M / Chronic Needs 0.3M Food Security Agriculture Acute Needs 1.9M / Chronic Needs 6.7M Health Acute Needs 1.6M / Chronic Needs 4M Nutrition Acute Needs 1.1M / Chronic Needs 3M Protection Acute Needs 1.5M / Chronic Needs 2.5M WASH Acute Needs 1.1M / Chronic Needs 0.9M   ,1
6359,"Stunting and micronutrient deficiencies remain high in the country. Because of a declining trend in donor contributions, WFP is forced to reduce the number of targeted people and interventions are only prevention of stunting activities are only implemented Mokhotlong and Thaba-tseka",8
11148,"Nutrition surveys undertaken in June 2017 in Turkana indicate a deepening nutritional crisis compared to 5 months ago, with 3 of the 4 sub counties reporting acute malnutrition of greater than 30% and severe acute malnutrition ranging from 6-12%.",8
7723,"The Government of Bangladesh have kept their borders open to enable people to seek safety and to allow the international community to provide the required humanitarian assistance.  While access is limited, Australian NGOs who have had a long-standing presence in the region are able to provide lifesaving support to those in greatest need.",1
2221,"In Rakhine, in addition to long-standing limitations in general health service provision, humanitarian needs continue due to continued restrictions on access to health facilities and township hospitals for the Muslim population (including IDPs) in central Rakhine. Recruitment of skilled staff and retention of existing staff to support health operations continues to be a major challenge. Humanitarian health interventions remain essential until all populations have equitable access to health services through strengthening of government capacity and removing the current restrictions on freedom of movement and access to health facilities in line with the recommendations of the Rakhine Advisory Commission.",4
4418," It is estimated that in 2017, more than 1.9 million people will be affected by at least one crisis, including food insecurity and malnutrition, population movement, epidemics and natural disasters.",1
7677,"Approximately 22% of households have inadequate food consumption, including 18% with borderline and 3% with poor food consumption. The situation has deteriorated compared to the 2011 CFSVA, with a 35% increase of rural households consuming inadequate diets. The most significant increase occurred in the Far North (+22 pp), North West (+27 pp) and Adamawa (+ 8 pp).",3
4397,"The Ramallah-based Palestinian Authority has stopped sending medical supplies and baby formula to the hospitals in the Gaza Strip, an official at the health ministry in Gaza announced today.",4
4267,"On the border with Syria, Western Anbar is the last area occupied by ISIS in Iraq. Those who have fled tell stories of forced recruitment of boys as young as eleven, food shortages and widespread human rights violations.",3
5969,"Departures continue to surpass arrivals at camps east of Mosul. Between 19 and 20 April, 161 families (801 individuals) arrived, mainly from west Mosul, while 281 families (1,452 individuals) departed, primarily to east Mosul. Families fleeing from west Mosul cited continuous insecurity, including in liberated areas, which are frequently targeted by mortar rounds. Lack of food, water and basic services were other reasons contributing to their flight.",3
320,"Impact of the earthquakes on education  - Preliminary Government assessments found that about half of the schools in affected areas were at least partially damaged.   - Some 15,000 children and teachers need support to resume their class as normal. Although schools are reopened, many children are still afraid to return to school. UNICEF response To date, UNICEF has delivered 23 metric tons of life-saving supplies including tents and tarpaulins, water purification tablets, hygiene kits, and learning kits. A few days after the earthquakes, UNICEF distributed vaccines to the affected communities to protect some 31,700 children against measles and rubella, pertussis, pneumonia and tuberculosis.   Currently, UNICEF is working to save lives and protect the well-being of affected children and families by making sure that:  - Children receive the emergency therapeutic food and milk they need to survive,  Basic health services, including vaccines (jointly with WHO, Government churches), reach children in affected communities - Children have safe water to drink - Children receive psychosocial support in safe child friendly spaces.  Yet despite progress, providing assistance continues to be very challenging.  Many earthquake-hit communities are very hard to reach, with little or no road access. Insecurity and tribal fighting in the worst-hit areas also hinders humanitarian response.  Efforts to protect vulnerable children need to be stepped up and sustained. Acting now will help reduce the risk of major humanitarian emergencies in the coming months. The longer we wait, the costlier the response and recovery will be. At the same time, resource mobilization has been limited due to little attention from global community and donor countries  ",2
1728,"Coping Mechanisms Negative • Community relies on rumours for information, sense of safety is considerably reduced. Positive • Male Rohingya refugees are eager to attend community meetings",9
8746,"ReportThe security status of Farah province in the country’s west has changed from an insecure to a fully war-hit province, a report by TOLOnews reveals.",9
2072,"Close to half of the 1,060,000 people displaced in 2017 by drought and conflict remain in need of emergency Shelter and NFIs assistance. Majority of them are in and around Baidoa, Mogadishu and Afgoye corridor. • An additional 1.0 million are protracted displaced and require support to improve their living conditions. • Safe and secure settlements are needed to provide crisisaffected communities with protected and healthy living spaces and environments, while ensuring sufficient privacy and dignity",10
990,"Asked on the other government services that have been disrupted by floods, Sampofu revealed that since floods just happened two weeks ago, villagers are still using dugout canoes to reach essential services such as clinics. scxhools closed due to floods",2
3958,"Between 23-29 January Bay Region: A total of 392 cholera cases and 11 deaths were recorded in Baidao, Bayhow and Aliyow Munim districts as of week 4 and the trend has been increasing in the last four weeks. Banadir Region: a total of 130 cholera cases 4 deaths were recorded across 17 districts across the region and the number of reported cases and deaths have decreases slightly in week 4. Hiiran Region: a total of 28 AWD/cholera cases and 0 deaths were recorded in Beletweyn, Jalalaqsi and Buuloburte, and the trend of cases and deaths declined in the last two weeks. Lower Shebelle Region: a total of 125 cholera cases and 0 deaths were recorded in Marka, Shalanbod, Waagaade, Janaale and Qoryoley districts, and the trend has decreased on week 4. Middle Shebelle: a total of 95 cholera cases and 0 death were recorded in Jowhar, Mahaday, Balad and other villages, and the outbreak has spread to new communities during this reporting period. Bari: A total of 31 cases and no death were reported in in Bosasso district, and this is the first cholera is reported in the last five years. Mudug: A total of 76 cases and 0 deaths were recorded in Galdogob, Galkayo and Jariiban, and the most likely reason is the water shortage due to the draught.",4
4581,"The Gaza City municipality decided to reduce its waste disposal services to a minimum in order to preserve dwindling fuel supply, currently only sufficient for ten days.",11
3178,"More than 47 people have been infected with cholera in El Gallabat locality in eastern Sudan between Friday and Monday. A patient succumbed to the disease last week.A source in the health sector of El Gedaref state reported to Radio Dabanga that from Friday to Monday, 30 cases of cholera were reported in El Saraf El Ahmer, and more than seventeen cases in El Mahalla; both in El Gallabat locality. There have been no deaths among the newly infected people.",4
5237,"Food prices have increased by an average of 11 percent across Libya, with significant variations between coastal and southern towns, a report says. It says that food prices have continued to increase since data collection started in June. Non-food items have been more stable, the report says.",7
2185,"Urgently needed medicines and medical supplies delivered to east MosulErbil 15 February 2017 - The World Health Organization (WHO) has responded to an acute shortage of medical supplies in the newly retaken areas of Mosul by delivering medicines and other medical supplies to 16 primary health centers, one hospital and the Directorate of Health (DOH) in Ninewa. The donation will support treatment of patients with infectious diseases, chronic conditions, diarrheal diseases and trauma cases who have been deprived of medical care.",8
196,"The detention centres often had as many as 20 migrants crammed into cells not larger than two square metres for long periods of time. This resulted in significant adverse health outcomes including the loss of hearing and sight, and extremely challenging psychological challenges",10
1904,"WFP’s NGO partners Alola Foundation and World Vision have reached 41,751 people in Covalima, Oecusse and Dili with nutrition and health messaging through 215 mother support groups.  ",8
2490,"Two incidents of avalanche and landslides happened during the night between 17 and 18 February in district Chitral, killing eight people and injuring others.In Rech valley, an avalanche killed one person and injured three others. In a landslide in Lowari tunnel, 14 people of a SAMBU company got trapped. The army, Chitral Scouts and others rescued seven, while seven others lost their lives.Earlier this month, 13 people were killed and 20 homes destroyed by avalanches and heavy rain - while the death toll in neighbouring Afghanistan rose to almost 200.",10
1724,"For several weeks, a fuel shortage has affected the whole country, with a negative impact on the operational capacity of the humanitarian actors. A growing number of partners have stopped or limited some of their activities. The logistics sector is currently developing an action plan to support humanitarian actors in the further implementation of their activities. With the support of OCHA, the sector has carried out a survey of the fuel needs of the humanitarian community. Of the 19 organizations that responded to the survey, all reported fuel supply problems and 16 of them did not have any (at the time of the survey) or had at most one-week stock. The monthly fuel requirement for maintaining emergency activities is estimated at 60,000 liters",7
481,People in El Fasher face an acute lack of water because of ongoing outages in the city's electricity sector. Two hospitals are facing problems. ,11
5637," Al -Shabaab , Ah l al -Sunna wa l -Jama ‘a and the Soma li  Na tiona l Army are l isted fo r ch ild rec ru itmen t and use. The Soma l i Na t iona l Army  is lis ted fo r k i ll ing and ma im ing and Al -Shabaab fo r the k i ll ing and ma im ing as we ll  as abduc tion o f ch i ldren . ",9
3535,"s. On 21 March airstrikes hit a school located close to Al-Mansoura town in western rural Ar-Raqqa Governorate, which has hosted a number of displaced families from Palmyra and Homs for the last three years.An estimated 25 – 30 internally displaced families were in the school at the time of the incident. Initial reports claimed at least 32 civilians including women and children were killed and scores of others injured.",2
7054,"After army's clean-up of North Waziristan, locals want civilian govt to get in actionThe situation in North Waziristan Agency (NWA) is reportedly returning to normalcy as the internally displaced persons are returning to their homes and peace has prevailed, but life remains difficult for them due to the lack of basic facilities. ",1
5459,"Children are among the most vulnerable during protracted displacement, with young children becoming malnourished and school-age children being unable to return to school, according to UNICEF. Almost half of the children in Lanao del Sur were malnourished even before the Marawi crisis, and the continuing displacement has reduced the quality and quantity of food for children, putting them at a greater risk of malnutrition. There is also concern that close to 100,000 Marawi children may have missed a year of schooling due to the continued displacement and transition. Youth who are unable to return to school are particularly at risk for recruitment into extremist groups. There is a need to support education and nutrition programmes for children to ensure that they fully recover from the emergency. UNICEF together with local partners continues to screen children in evacuation centres for malnutrition, provide support for access to WASH and safe spaces. The World Food Programme (WFP) continues to support local authorities with its school feeding activities in addition to rice distribution.",8
752,"978,000 People in Madagascar Requiring Emergency Assistance. Approximately 973,700 people faced food insecurity in southern Madagascar. ",3
6876,"Schools in the county are struggling to retain learners as the drought continues to ravage the region. For instance, Kalacha Primary in North Horr sub-county has stopped receiving fee subsidies which they could have used to purchase food, yet they cannot send the pupils home. ",2
9959,Diarrhoea related to poor sanitation and hygiene and acute malnutrition remains a leading cause of death among young children.,4
4942,"The Ministry of Interior urged on Sunday drivers taking the Wadi Al-Khorouw and Wadi Al-Majinin road, southern Tripoli, to be cautious when driving through these areas due to the heavy rainfall. The Ministry noted that it had deployed officers of the National Safety Department on main roads to provide the drivers with assistance and guide them to safe tracks.",6
4089,"In Chad, despite a slightly favourable agricultural season, the recently completed 2017 National Food Security Survey and the latest 2017 multisectoral nutrition survey (SMART) both indicate a general deterioration of the food security and nutrition situation, on the backdrop of the persisting economic crisis and a sharp drop in the prices of livestock which negatively impacted incomes and purchasing power.",5
4730,"Harvesting of maize, millet and sorghum was completed in November, while harvesting of rice concluded in January 2017. According to preliminary findings, a record cereal output was gathered following beneficial rains from July over the main producing areas of the country. The 2016 aggregate cereal production was estimated at nearly 9 million tonnes, about 11 percent higher than the 2015 bumper crop and 35 percent above the average of the previous five years.  The production of millet, the most important staple, increased by 3 percent, while rice production increased by 21 percent to about 2.8 million tonnes. Pastoral conditions were also satisfactory. The filling levels of most water points were adequate and animals remained in good condition.  ",0
2046,"Benishangul-Gumuz.No woreda in the region classified as hotspot 1 (severely affected districts)* Population estimated to be 1 million (CSA projection) 2,000 children with SAM expected in 2017**",8
1790,"While national level staple cereal production is estimated to have increased above average during the 2016 agricultural season due to favorable rains and expansion in area cultivated (as more people became involved in agriculture), the production of these crops in the three northeastern states remained over 50 percent below average. The production of maize, sorghum and millet in Borno State is estimated to have decreased by -25.8%,-44.3% and -59.35% respectively in comparison with the five-year average.",3
3867,Over 43 per cent of the households living in the 26 camps identified as most prone to flood live in makeshift shelters. ,10
7580,Rising deportations to Somalia raise concerns in Minnesota The pace of deportations to Somalia is picking up fast — and setting local natives of the East African country on edge. ,9
1108,"Protests were expected as a political dialogue launched on 1 September had failed to agree on what to do about the delay. This has accentuated the risk of violent popular anger in urban centres and of a heavy-handed security response. A risk also remains that political parties, including the ruling majority coalition (henceforth “the majority”) and the opposition that looks to the street to force President Joseph Kabila to step down, will seek to manipulate that anger. Depending on loosely organised popular revolts to force political change is a tactic that could spiral out of control. To prevent more violence, Congo’s partners need to use diplomatic and financial tools to focus the actors, particularly the majority, on the need to move rapidly to credible elections. They also need to use their leverage and public positions to minimise violence while the political blockage continues.",9
5599,"The newly prepared 12-acre plot is now ready to receive shelters and other key services, including water, hygiene and education facilities. It will provide new homes for nearly 500 families currently living on steep, sandy hillsides in some of the most high-risk parts of the refugee site.",10
5350,"In Nigeria, Somalia, South Sudan and Yemen UNICEF requires 251 million dollars to provide children with food, water, health, education and protection services until the end of the year.",11
7168,"Four weeks since fierce fighting broke out in the southern Philippines, some people who fled the battle are dying in over-crowded and unsanitary evacuation centres, health officials say. At least 24 people have died in the centres since fighting between security forces and Islamist militants erupted in Marawi City, Health Secretary Paulyn Ubial told reporters.",10
10109,"The lack of protective learning spaces and the loss and destruction of learning materials, and of legal documents, including education certificates, have been identified as critical education needs. ",2
9295,"March - May 2017 IPC Phase 1: 7,839,501 IPC Phase 2: 1,415,012 IPC Phase 3: 109,989",3
11614,"This week between 4,300 and 10,000 people transited through Hammam Al-Alil daily from west Mosul.Families reported that the continuous fighting, shelling, airstrikes, targeting of civilians attempting to flee, and the lack of food, water, and basic services are the main reasons of forced displacement",5
6590,"The rise in the level of the Limpopo waters is destroying the means of survival of many of the 224,000 people affected by the famine in Gaza following severe drought in the last two years.",3
6953,"This is particularly true for Niger a country of the Sahel region used to men migrating to neighboring countries from January to April after the harvests, searching for casual labour, during what they call the Exode. Niger is also fast becoming a migration hub towards North Africa and Europe.",5
11897,"More than 2,009 cholera / AWD cases and 22 deaths (Case Fatality Rate: 1.1%) have been reported in 7 of 21 countries of Eastern and Southern Africa Region (ESAR) since the beginning of 2018. These countries include; Angola, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Somalia, Tanzania and Zambia. The most affected countries since the beginning of this year are Zambia with 57.7% of the total case load, followed by Kenya 14.9% and Angola at 13.2%. Of the 7 countries with active transmission this year, Tanzania has recorded the highest CFR at 3.1%, followed by Angola at 2.2%.",4
9689,"As people continue to flee their homes, the number of sites may continue to grow. Living conditions in the IDP settlements and urban centres continue to deteriorate, with displaced people unable to meet their basic needs due to inconsistent service provision or exclusion from accessing these services. The lack of access to basic services contributes to public health risks, preventable deaths and increased gender-based violence, especially for women and girls. The IDPs have limited livelihood and coping options, exacerbated by ongoing drought-induced displacements. As a result, FSNAU reported that food security and nutrition outcomes across most of the 13 main settlements surveyed between June and July had deteriorated.",3
6931,"39,151 total returns from Iran since 1 January 2017",9
8486,"Limited health staff and functioning health facilities place the lives of people with trauma injuries, chronic diseases, and malnutrition at risk. • Weak hygiene practices among displaced people living in shelters, and difficulties in accessing safe water, increases the risk of water- and food-borne diseases. • Children who have not been vaccinated are at high risk of contracting life-threatening diseases such as measles and polio. • Most prevalent communicable diseases are acute diarrhea, upper respiratory infections, cases of lice and scabies. A lot of children have digestive disorders (vomiting & gastric spasm symptoms). Suspected cases of viral Hepatitis are reported. The current disease surveillance system will expand. • Many of referral patients are with injuries, amputations with inflammations and who need further hospitalization (E.g. access issues cause serious concerns for hospitalization of patients to Aleppo hospitals). • Reproductive health service should be improved. Womenare in need for contraceptives (IUDs, oral contraceptives, injectable, male condoms). • Mental and Health and Psychosocial Support to adults and children are required",4
11558,"In Luhansk province (GCA), heating supply has come under additional threat after a group of veterans of volunteer battalions blocked the movement of cargo trains in the LuhanskLysychanskPopasna railway section. The blockade has affected the supply of coal delivery from NGCA to the heating station in Schastia (Novoaidarskyi raion), according to the Ministry of Temporary Occupied Territories and IDPs (MToT&IDPs) and has incurred financial losses of about 37 m illion UAH (US$ 1.32 m illion). ",6
9429,"In Surat Thani province, several homes and basic infrastructure in Bang Sawan subdistrict have been damaged by fallen trees and debris swept along in flash floods. Residents were forced to go without running water or electricity for over 24 hours, until authorities were able to restore power. One person reportedly drowned in the floodwaters.",6
8458,Overall SAM death rates reduced to 2% as of April 2017 from 3.3% in January 2017. ,8
7992,"Only 35% of assessed settlements reported adequate access to food in July, the lowest level recorded since REACH began consistent data collection in Greater Upper Nile in September 2016. Most noticeably, since March 2017 the proportion of assessed settlements reporting adequate access to food has decreased in the Equatoria region, to similar levels witnessed in parts of the Greater Upper Nile region. In July 2017, all counties in Central Equatoria had less than 25% assessed settlements reporting adequate access to food. In Western Bahr el Ghazal reported adequate access to food has remained very low since data collection began in the state in April 2017. ",3
8323,"As of January 2018, out of the 111 assessed public hospitals [MoH & MoHE], 51% (56) were reported as fully functioning, 23% (26) hospitals were reported as partially functioning (i.e., shortages of staff, medcial equipment, medicines or damages to infrastructure). 26% (29) were reported as non-functioning. PAGE 4 ? As of Quarter 4, 2017 out of 1,804 assessed public health centres, 46% (825) were reported fully functioning, 20% (354) partially functioning, 34% (621) non-functioning (completely out of service), while the functionality status of 0.2% (4) of health centres were unknown",4
6021,These conditions are further exacerbated by the persistent insecurity which affects both local markets functioning and the ability of households to engage in livelihood and income generating activities. ,3
7582,"Myanmar/Bangladesh - Rakhine/Rohingya crisis (DG ECHO UN NGOs)(ECHO Daily Flash of 05 October 2017)In Rakhine, food and medical assistance have reached Meyborn camp, where the approximately 2 000 residents had not received any assistance since early August.State media in Myanmar report that eight Hindu women and children were provided police escorts to return from Bangladesh after they were abducted by members of ARSA following the murder of up to 45 Hindu villagers. ",1
10480,"The flood had affected about 1,611,065 people (338,512 households). It killed 26 people and washed 7,433 domestic animals. Also, it damaged 107,575 houses (2,990 fully and 104,585 partially, and 14 educational institutions, as well as, 604 km of road, 19 bridges and 19 km of embankment. In addition, it inundated 39,953 hectare of crop land and railway tracks at several places. As a result, many households were displaced and they suffered from loss of crop and livestock. Moreover, the flood seriously disrupted the communication system leading price hike for essential items in the flood affected areas.",0
2294,"The Lebanese Constitution very ambiguously grants municipalities power to 'protect' the areas under their jurisdiction. Some municipalities have tried to clear their areas of all Syrians on the basis of their ethnicity alone, alleging the implementation of the constitution, and the central government hasn’t intervened to stop them.",9
1678,"Within the region, the Red Sea crossing from Djibouti to Yemen was rife with reports of human rights violations, including high levels of attempted or actual abduction. In August and September, migrants  reported at least 1,444 instances of abduction. This figure is much higher than the 327 reported in quarter two and 551 reported in quarter one, and cannot be linked to any particular occurrence, however reported abduction fluctuate from month to month.  ",9
4470,"On 6 December 2017, the Ghana Ministry of Health notified WHO of a focal outbreak of influenza A H1N1 in a school in Kumasi City, Ashanti Region. The event was detected on 30 November 2017 when a cluster of 13 cases of severe acute respiratory illness was reported from Kumasi Academy Senior High School. The initial cases developed illness on 29 November 2017 and three deaths were reported by 1 December 2017. The case-patients presented with fever, cough, headache, joint and body pains, and abnormal chest auscultation. As of 9 December 2017, 77 cases with four deaths (case fatality rate 5.2%) have been the reported. The majority of the cases, 66%, were males and over 95% of the cases are teenagers. Thus far, the disease is still localized in the school as no cases have been reported among community members.",4
1354,"From 2015 to 2016, overall IDP food insecurity has increased: only 6 percent of all IDPs  were food insecure (moderately or severely) in 2015. In addition to those already food  insecure,  62  percent of  all  the  IDP  households  are  at  risk  of  slipping  into  food  insecurity. The  developments  are  related  to  the  significant  rise  in  food  prices,  depreciation of the Libyan dinar, as well as the lack of liquidity in the Libyan banks. ",3
5339,"The intense rains, overflowing rivers, mudslides and flooding are the worst Peru has seen in two decades, Peruvian authorities said Saturday, affecting more than half the nation as the death toll since the beginning of the year hit 72. The highly unusual rains follow a series of storms that have struck hard along Peru’s northern coast, with voracious waters inundating hospitals and leaving some small villages isolated. The storms are being caused by a warming of the surface waters in the Pacific Ocean and are expected to continue for two more weeks.",7
4843,"According to the UNICEF report, '2% of all Palestinian women aged 15 to 49 years married before the age of 15.' In addition, the report noted that nearly one quarter of Palestinian Arab women 'marry' before the age of 18.",9
4202,Equipment breakdown and seasonality of water have been cited as reasons for paral and non funconality of irrigaon schemes.,0
6020,"Poverty in northern Shan is higher than Kachin, with 37 per cent of the population living below the poverty line, compared to the national average of 26 per cent, according to the 2010 Household Living Conditions Survey. Displaced people have found it difficult to restore their livelihoods and reduce their dependency on aid in an environment of continued militarization and with extensive landmine contamination. Myanmar has one of the highest landmine casualty rates in the world. Beyond mine risk education and immediate victim assistance, advocacy efforts have continued to focus on the need for mapping of mined areas, laying the groundwork for future demining. With reduced livelihood opportunities for displaced people, there is a risk of more people resorting to negative coping mechanisms, such as drug and alcohol abuse, which are leading risk factors for gender-based violence in the region. The ongoing conflict and related displacement also continue to strain the coping capacities of host communities.",1
11814,"At least sixty-four people majority of them were women have died in Karachi due to heatstroke and heat fatigues since Saturday evening, confirmed Fasial Edhi. Number of deaths can be higher.",4
257,"A Congolese NGO active in the field of protection has reported that some 95 cases of rape have been recorded in Kasai Central Province between August 2016 and June 2017. Of these cases, 58 are girls aged less than18; the majority of the alleged perpetrators are member of the armed forces militaries. The townships of Nganza and Katoka are the most affected. A number of factors, including stigma and fear of reprisal, are influencing women from coming forward to report cases.",9
11544,"Key Points Jihadist cohesion demonstrates a capacity to resist counter-terrorism operations, with assaults likely to increase on the Burkina-Mali border in coming weeks. Overstretched Burkinabé security forces are likely to rely on self-defence groups for help. Gold mining activities at Kéréboulé near the border risk disruption. EVENT On 5 April 2017, a French soldier with the 'Barkhane' force was killed during joint counter-terrorism operations with Burkina Faso and Mali in the Fhero forest area spanning the border, where troops are seeking to dismantle the Ansar-ul Islam jihadist group in the northern Burkinabé province of Soum.  The Mali-based jihadist front Jama'at Nusrat al-Islam wal-Muslimin (JNIM), which comprises al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) affiliates, claimed responsibility for the French soldier's death, shortly after issuing a warning to 11 priority target countries, including France and Burkina Faso.",9
10588,"In a recent survey undertaken by humanitarian partners to better understand the GBV phenomenon in South Sudan, 48 per cent of the female respondents reported that a woman or girl in their household had experienced some form of GBV in the past 12 months.",9
10310,"There is a shortage of funds to construct more dischargeable latrines in villages 17-21, which are being constructed in the 24 hectares of land recently identified. In addition, there is a need to extend the water system to these new villages.",11
272,"Two months into the conflict, the number of IDPs continues to incrrase. Those in host communities (94%) continue to be faced with mounting protection concerns such as the presence of IDPs in collective sites that are not officially recognized as evacuation centers, congestion in the evacuation centers, reported cases of acute diarrhea among children, lack of identification, lack of prioritization of persons with specific needs. ",1
10302,"A substantial increase in the number of acute malnutrition cases in the South-East of CAR was observed in November. It is estimated that more than 5,000 children will suffer from acute malnutrition in this area, and this number is likely to rise, given ongoing displacement, poor food security, deteriorated access to clean water and sanitation, increased morbidity and lack of health care services. Due to insecurity, the area remains virtually inaccessible to nearly all humanitarian aid.",3
2727,"President Alassane Ouattara, who is also facing a wave of public sector strikes, ordered his defence minister and military chiefs to hold urgent talks with members of the security forces about their grievances in a bid to quell the instability.",9
6759,"As Iraqi forces continue to make slow progress in the fight against IS in the city, clawing back territory house by house and block by block, food supplies are running dangerously low for civilians trapped inside militant-held territory and those inside recently retaken neighborhoods.",5
6704,"Acute water shortage has hit Garissa Town, threatening the lives of locals who have called for urgent intervention from the county and national governments. Speaking on Sunday, residents said they spend most of their time looking for water and less time on their businesses and other activities.Mrs Habiba Ali Noor in Garissa Town's Bula Iftin said many children are on the verge of dropping out of school to help their mothers look for water many kilometres from their homes.",2
8465,"Infection rates will be growing in the coming rainy season if the Ministry continues to ignore its outbreak, he predicted.",4
7726,"Of the 1.75 million people affected by complex emergency in the northwestern Pakistan, an estimated 1.2 million people (including 46% of unregistered FATA returnees in 2016 and the projected to return in 2017) remain in need of life saving food assistance and livelihoods revitalization for a sustained return & rehabilitation process. ",3
3879,A remarkable number of human rights violations where community members were forced to contribute towards Zanu PF’s initial ‘Youth interface rally’ in Marondera slated for 2 June. The rallies to be held in all the ten provinces are a platform for President Robert Mugabe to launch the 2018 elections campaign. Zanu PF is targeting mobilising 100 000 youths per province.,9
1271,"More than 5,400 people were displaced again when the government dismantled 2,000 temporary shelters at the  Mpoko displacement site near Bangui airport (ECHO, 3 January 2017). Mpoko has 8,400 shelters that are home to more than 28,000 IDPs. The dismantling is part of an operation to close the camp and encourage people to return to their former neighbourhoods, and affected households received cash assistance to help them do so. Some, however, are concerned the payments too small and that their former properties have been  occupied by other people (ECHO, 3 January 2017). Others have lived at the camp for three years and are unsure how they will pay higher rents in their former neighbourhoods (VOA, 19 December 2016).",10
5746,"MAYO REY, CAMEROON — Business activity has come to a standstill as Cameroon has sealed its northern border with the troubled Central African Republic following escalating violence in the neighboring country. Cameroon says several of its citizens have been kidnapped and taken to C.A.R. by armed groups.The most senior government official in the Cameroon border locality, Etienne Mballa Samba, says several Cameroonians in his area have been kidnapped since violence escalated across the border two weeks ago. He says more troops have been deployed to stop the rebels. He says the government of Cameroon has decided to seal its northern border with the Central African Republic to stop armed rebel groups from causing disorder. He says preserving lives is better than the negative economic consequences the closure will bring.Cameroon supplies most consumer goods and food to troubled C.A.R., and the border closure has stopped business activity.",5
2014,"Meanwhile, he said that the municipalities closed large swathes of the beach “due to the contamination caused by pouring untreated sewage directly in to the sea as most of the treatment plants stopped working due to the lack of fuel and electricity.”",11
1179,"The UN Human Rights Office on Friday published a report detailing allegations of massive destruction, killings and numerous other serious human rights violations committed between July 2015 and December 2016 in southeast Turkey, during Government security operations that have affected more than 30 towns and neighbourhoods and displaced between 355,000 and half a million people, mostly of Kurdish origin.",10
4255,". Nutrition and water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) practices are sub-optimal, with less than half of the rural population accessing safe drinking water and only 11.3 per cent of the overall population accessing improved sanitation. Half of all children in Eritrea are stunted,5 and as a result, these children are even more vulnerable to malnutrition and disease outbreaks.",8
147,"From December 2016 to January 2017 the TFPM observed an overall decrease in the conflict-related displacement of 15,876 individuals (-0.79%). On the other hand, there has been an overall increase in the conflict-affected return population of 21,222 individuals (+2%). Food was reported as the top priority need among 75% of identified IDP locations and 51% of returnee locations.",3
2704,The number of new arrivals in various IDP camps is putting pressure on limited WASH resources.,11
3018,"Three people have died and six other treated for Crimean-Congo Haemorrhagic Fever (CCHF) in Oman since the beginning of 2017, the Ministry of Health said. The fever claimed seven lives in the country last year, according to the Ministry of Health.",4
9754,"As Figure 8 shows, the use of food-based negative coping strategies remains the highest among displaced households. In April, a smaller proportion of resident households were buying less expensive food and reducing the number of meals eaten a day. The use of livelihood coping strategies remained unchanged from March for both resident and displaced households.",3
9680,"A total of 116 new cholera cases and 3 deaths (CFR 2.5% ) were reported. The cumulative total since the start of the current outbreak on 18 June 2016 is 11,210 cases and 189 deaths (CFR 1.7% )",4
8222,"In the capital Juba, up to 3,000 children live on the street, and that number is increasing daily, said the Mind and Soul Institute, a local charity that works with street children.Charity workers say other factors driving child homelessness include family break-ups, abuse, polygamy practices and neglect.Malit roams the streets with two other children during the day seeking food. The three are often on the lookout for ways to snitch some money. None attend school.",9
5285,"Bringing back water to farmers in Gaza Like in many places in the world, farming is a way of life in the southern Gaza Strip. However, the 2014 conflict has had a significant impact on agriculture in the area, severely limiting access to water, land and resources, and amplifying the already high levels of food insecurity. Supporting agriculture in the southern Gaza StripFaced with such challenges, many hardworking farmers struggle to grow crops and yield only a small, if any, profit despite all their constant efforts. Alia, a 65 year old Palestinian farmer who heads a household of six people, was spending as much as 80% of her farming revenue on water and fertilizers alone, gaining very little reward for her hard work. Add to this the high cost of seeds and inadequate water infrastructure in the area, and it is no surprise that many farmers cannot afford or are unable to cultivate their own land. While the challenges farmers face in Gaza are not always the most apparent, they impact the food security of the wider area.",5
4653,"? There has been increased family separation due migration of the pastoralists. Women, children and the elderly were forced to move to IDP settlements for assistance. ? Women living in settlements on the outskirts of Heraale town are forced to go long distances to fetch firewood and water, as well as for open defecation. This puts them at risks of Gender Based Violence related. ? Displaced families living in the outskirts of the town are at risk for GBV related risks. More than 85 per cent of these are women, children and the elderly. ? All the assessed IDP settlements have no lighting or security provision.",9
883,"The high dependency on food imports, scarcity of foreign currency reserves, continued depreciation of local currency, disrupted local food supply exacerbated by drought and other factors are likely to impact the prices of food commodities in the coming months, with likely negative impacts on market dependent households. Furthermore, the prevailing drought situation in Uganda, from where South Sudan derives most of its import, poses major constraints to the volumes of white maize grain and dry beansflows: the symptoms of this are already observed in Eastern Equatoria state market, Kapoeta South, where cereal prices have reached unprecedented high levels. Despite the above-average sorghum production in Sudan, it has not been translated to formal trade flows to northern South Sudan because of transport constraints. Such constraints in the flow of staple commodities from local production and neighboring countries cause further difficulties for access to staple foods, especially affecting poor households.",3
11070,"e. There have been 2,069 reported cases of acute respiratory infections (as of 15 June 2017) thought to be directly related to the conditions in the evacuation centres.",4
4356,"The Diffa region, currently hosting 221,790 displaced people3 from the Niger and Nigeria due to Boko Haram-related insecurity, will continue to be affected, with an estimated 340,000 people expected to require humanitarian assistance in 2017",9
8496,"The last few days' rain has exposed the dire straits of the drainage system of Dhaka and Chittagong. Bangladesh is no stranger to water-logging caused by Nor'westers and torrential downpours. But for the residents of the two major cities, the situation has turned for the worse this time. The absence of a proper drainage system and catchment areas have resulted in prolonged water-logging. This has caused untold sufferings to the city dwellers. Not only that, a World Bank study predicts a cumulative financial loss of Tk 11,000 crore in the next 35 years, if the downward spiraling of the situation is not arrested soon. ",1
7901,"The average annual direct losses from earthquakes, floods and tropical cyclones are nearly $2.8 million.The 100-year return period loss from all perils is $18 million, or over 1% of Seychelles 2015 GDP.The 250-year return period loss from all perils could be $21 million. ",7
4988,"One hundred twenty-nine suspected cases of IDSR immediately reportable diseases, conditions, and events were reported across the country. Compare to week 1, this represents 119% increase in the number of suspected cases reported.",4
9729,"Incurring debt in order to buy food, cover health expenses and pay for rent remained extremely common, with 87% of refugees reporting having borrowed money. On average, 77% of Syrian refugee households reported having experienced a lack of food or lack of money to buy food during the 30 days prior to the survey. Although high, these figures reveal improvements over 2016, when 91% reported borrowing money and 88% reported experiencing a lack of food or money to buy food.",3
9462,Limited availability of health care facilities to stabilize wounded patients or provide secondary/tertiary level care. Raqqa’s hospital is under ISIS control and is in any case not functioning since staff have fled and the facility is likely to be severely damaged in the fighting.,4
8235,Poor households in some production-deficit regions are facing reduced food access due to low livestock prices and the national economic crisis. Insecurity and displacement continue to impact food security outcomes in western Chad.,3
8383,"The Gboladji family is not alone. As of June 2017, the UN estimates that more than 1 million Central Africans—almost a quarter of the population—are displaced within CAR or as refugees in neighboring countries, cut off from their livelihoods and support systems. Crisis levels of acute food insecurity grip these vulnerable populations, and they require urgent humanitarian assistance to meet their basic needs.  ",3
2638,"Madagascar’s southern regions have been heavily affected by a prolonged drought, aggravated by the effects of El Niño. According to the recently conducted IPC analysis, 850,000 people from the nine most drought-affected districts are severely food insecure (emergency and crisis phases) and in need of immediate food assistance. Another 128,000 people in IPC 2 phase (stressed), but residing in IPC 4 areas also require assistance, as the risk of deterioration of their food security status remains high.",5
7681,"The people in Rumonge put the refugees up in several temporary shelters, including a local vocational school.  'There are only two toilets here,' headmaster Gaspard Nibaruta tells DW correspondents as he shows them round. 'With more than 400 people here, we get hygiene problems.'  A young Congolese woman who's come to the school tells DW the conditions are difficult to bear: 'I haven't slept yet. We have to lie down on the floor. There are no mats, nothing. We also haven't had anything to eat yet.'",11
6480,"In total, 27 percent of the assistance was delivered to high-conflict areas through cross-border, cross- line and air deliveries.",6
10613,"At least 20 homes in the affected neighborhoods at the foot of the Sancacio hill were destroyed. In total, 15 people are missing, the mayor told the radio station.",10
11513,"Operation Safari Hunter offensive in Lower Shabelle and Middle Juba will take place against the backdrop of intercommunal tensions and reported indiscriminate attacks by non-state armed actors on villages around Marka and Afgooye. Concerns about limitations of civilian freedom of movement and reprisal attacks in case of abandonment of captured towns have arisen. The operation might also result in a proliferation of Explosive Remnants of War (ERW) in populated areas, exposing civilians to harm. Forced evictions, often related to disputes over the amount of ‘rent’ paid, continue unabated. So far in 2017 (Jan-Jul) more than 90,000 individuals have reportedly been directly affected.",9
7979,"In Somalia, the situation remains as indicated in the 2017 Post Gu Assessment, with the risk of famine persisting in areas of Somaliland, Puntland and South Central Pastoral areas which are expected to face Emergency (IPC Phase 4) food insecurity until January 2018. 25 per cent of the population (3.1 million people) are expected to be in crisis (IPC 3) or emergency (IPC 4). In Somalia, severe drought is expected to continue until the start of the next rainy season in October 2017. Deyr rains (Oct-Dec) expected to be average to below average and northern part of Somalia likely to have lower than average rainfall. Food security situation remains poor, beneficiaries are still reliant on cash transfers from humanitarian agencies, however, funding shortfalls in Somaliland will impact the ability of agencies to continue critical assistance beyond October. Whilst, AWD/Cholera cases are reducing, with increasing vulnerability of communities and poor nutrition intake re-occurrence of AWD outbreaks is very likely. Levels of acute food insecurity continues throughout the rest of the year.",3
7356,"While overall cereal production was expected to have been good at the end of 2017, food prices have remained high, underpinned by the depreciation of the local currency and high production costs. Smallholder farmers struggle to access quality seeds and animal traction, while displaced, returnee and host communities lack access to income-generating opportunities",5
3483,"50,000 poor households have lost their livelihoods and need immediate assistance to restore their food security during the lean season (December 2017 - April 2018). Over 179,000 hectares of crops have been damaged, including over 38,520 hectares of rice and vegetables, 17,173 hectares of perennial crops, 59,199 hectares of annual crops, 15,054 hectares of fruit trees, and 49,618 hectares of forest. In addition, 261 metric tons of seeds and 217 metric tons of food stocks have been lost. 4,472 hectares of shrimp and fish production are damaged, while 38,630 aquaculture cages have been swept away. 1,345 fishing vessels were destroyed. 641,995 poultry and 15,885 livestock have died. ",3
3427,"Severe food insecurity is now affecting large parts the region, and conditions are not expected to improve before June 2018, because the planting seasons in 2017 were lost. Families have little to harvest from their own land and nothing to sell at the markets.",5
7315,"Health PIN: 289,338.Key health needs include access to preventive and curative health care; increased access to essential drugs, supplies and equipment; increased access to essential quality health services; and reinforcement of disease surveillance and early warning systems of epidemic-prone diseases. ",4
10487,"Policarpa: Affection in the corregimiento of Sánchez. Difficulties are reported in physical access by constant rains, which have affected the road system. Needs identified in the security sector, food and nutrition.",3
2337,"The education situation in DR Congo is alarming, with 7.4 million children out of school across the country.The effects of a lack of education are most acute in DR Congo’s Kasai provinces. Since August 2016, the intensifying violence in Grand Kasai province has displaced 850,000 children and left over 900 schools destroyed. The schools that are open are being used as shelter for displaced families. Conflict has been detrimental to other parts of the country too. In Kalemie town in Tanganyika province, out-of-school rates among displaced children from 6-11 years are as high as 92 per cent - an increase of 76 per cent over the course of the year.DR Congo’s emergency education woes are compounded by an already weak educational system that is unable to absorb shocks caused by chronic conflict",2
5409,"Our humanitarian colleagues in Syria are concerned for the safety and protection of civilians at risk of death and injury from unexploded ordnance reportedly planted throughout Raqqa city’s neighbourhoods. While the clearing of unexploded ordnance operation is ongoing, nine people were reportedly killed during the weekend while trying to return to their homes. Humanitarian workers have been unable to access the city until the clearing of mines and other unexploded ordnance is completed. The UN calls on all parties to take all measures to protect civilians and to facilitate safe, unimpeded and sustained access to all people in need across the country.Our humanitarian colleagues in Syria are concerned for the safety and protection of civilians at risk of death and injury from unexploded ordnance reportedly planted throughout Raqqa city’s neighbourhoods. While the clearing of unexploded ordnance operation is ongoing, nine people were reportedly killed during the weekend while trying to return to their homes. Humanitarian workers have been unable to access the city until the clearing of mines and other unexploded ordnance is completed. The UN calls on all parties to take all measures to protect civilians and to facilitate safe, unimpeded and sustained access to all people in need across the country.",9
722,"Concern over the tightening of the permit and gate regime restricting farmers’ access to agricultural land behind the Barrier, in the northern West Bank.",5
2179,"On the evening of Tuesday, 22 August 2017, at around 7:00 P.M. Israeli Civil Administration officials and security forces arrived at the village of Jub a-Dib, southeast of Bethlehem. The forces demolished the community's recently constructed school building. The demolition, which ended around midnight, took place the night before the start of the Palestinian school year, and left eighty pupils without an educational facility. In previous years, the children of Jub a-Dib had to walk to school in the Dar Salah and Beit Ta'mir areas, outside the village",2
4821,"Widespread conflict has damaged the ability of communities in Warrap and Lakes States to feed themselves. FGD participants reported being forced to abandon their fields when they fled their homes and the remaining food stolen by armed groups. Even in areas less affected by violence, including Tonj South and western parts of Tonj North counties, a lack of rainfall in preceding years due to shifts in weather patterns stunted harvests of host communities",3
4173,"Nugaal- 3,000 drought affected households recently joined three IDPS in Burtinle town and a newly established IDPs settlement in Faratooyo village (15KM from South Burtinle) inhabited by an estimated 285 households. The mayor informed partners that an estimated 6,250 households (37, 500 persons???) are currently displaced within Burtinle district. These people are scattered in the 42 villages surrounding Burtinle. New IDPs have high needs, shelter, health, WASH, education, and assistance received is minimal",1
11277,Acute watery diarrhoea (AWD) Ethiopia Ungraded 15/11/2015 40 457* 817 2.0% *Counts reported are for 2017 YTD. Of 491 new cases reported in week 31. The recent resurgence is predominantly occurring in the northwest regions of Amhara (194 cases) and Tigray (182 cases) this past week. 06-Aug-17Measles Ethiopia Ungraded 14/01/2017 2 601* - - *Counts reported are for 2017 YTD. There have been 58 separate laboratory-confirmed measles outbreaks in the country. 137 new cases were reported in week 31. 31-Jul-17,4
6061,"The most urgent needs reported are: food and non-food item assistance for IDPs, as well as food, water, non-food items and medical assistance for migrants and refugees.",7
6718,"There are approximately 0.8 million people in the Stressed (IPC Phase 2) category. Most parts of the south-east and coastal marginal agricultural areas, as well as Kajiado, parts of Baringo and Narok, and parts of Mandera, Wajir, Garissa, Tana River and Marsabit, are classified in this phase. Households in this category can afford minimally adequate food consumption but are unable to afford essential non-food expenditures without engaging in irreversible coping strategies. More people in this category are expected to fall into Crisis (IPC Phase 3) between August and October, except in the south-east marginal agricultural areas and in Narok and Kajiado where they are likely to remain in Stressed.",3
1734,"As many as 1 million people are estimated to remain beyond the reach of humanitarian aid, inside Mosul city and other areas still under IS control. The UN estimates that up to 750 000 people are to be directly affected by the conflict in Western Mosul.There are currently 3.1 million internally displaced people (IDPs).Over 260 000 Iraqis have been displaced since the beginning of Mosul military operations on 17 October 2016. Out of these, approximately 200 000 are still displaced, the majority of whom are living in camps in Ninewa.",9
9242," In more depressing news for  Harare residents , the city council has warned that it will continue to cut water supplies even after it completes the refurbishment of its biggest water treatment plant — Morton Jaffray (MJ) — which is expected to increase supplies to both industry and domestic users.",11
10007,"The United Nations continued to receive reports of sexual violence from across the country, mostly affecting displaced women and girls living in settlements for internally displaced persons. The monitoring and reporting mechanism, through its analysis reporting arrangements, received six reported cases of conflict-related sexual violence in September and October. Fifty-nine incidents of rape and other sexual violence, involving 58 girls and one boy, were reported by the country task force on monitoring and reporting. Underreporting of cases due to fear of reprisals and limited access to police services is a major concern. While the provision of support services for survivors of sexual violence has improved in Somalia, it remains a protection gap in areas under Al-Shabaab control, such as the Bakool and Bay regions in South-West State. ",9
1259,"Overall the authorities have got reports of some 2,076 ‘suspected’ cases of chikungunya in the city. However, they sent blood samples of 239 of them to the National Institute of Health, Islamabad, of which 183 were confirmed to have been suffering from the viral disease. ",4
599,The results of the nutrition survey carried out in December 2016 in this camp showed a prevalence of acute malnutrition of 18.9% and severe acute malnutrition of 3%.,8
5480,"We have to resort to amputations so frequently because given our medical training, that’s often all that we can do to keep someone from dying",4
1841,"Military fire against school in Eastern Afghanistan: “Education is increasingly becoming a casualty of the conflict”“Two students were tragically and needlessly killed in Laghman Province, and seven others and a teacher injured, when a mortar round struck their school. We cannot let children and schools continue to become victims of this escalating conflict,” said NRC Country Director in Afghanistan, Kate O'Rourke. “Education is increasingly becoming a casualty of the conflict.”",9
5638,"Health partners are classified as managing and supporting partners. A managing partner is the one who is fully responsible for running and handling all administrative issues in the HF. Meanwhile any agency who provides a sort of support (such as provision of drugs, incentives, running costs (APWs), fuel, kits, etc.) to the HF is called Supporting partner;   Figure 2 shows summary of the managing partners and their respective total number of functioning HFs per type. It has been noted that, some of the HFs are managed and supported by more than one partner such as: 925 out of 27 rural hospitals managed by SMoH in Greater Darfur, receive supports from the UN agencies (WHO, UNICEF, UNFPA) as well as INGOs (CORDAID, NHC, PAI, MSF?E, CIS, FRC, MEDAIR, Juhanniter, ARC and WVI).    9Around 39% (62) PHCCs are managed by SMoH, where 47% (29) of them receives supports by Juhanniter, MSF?E, ISRA, WVI, MEDAIR, FRC, UNICEF, UNFPA and WHO 9Most of BHUs are managed by SMoH. Out of a total 306 BHUs managed by SMoH, 26 (9%) receives support by IRC, Juhanniter, MSF?E, CIS, UNICEF, UNFPA and WHO 9Almost all mobile clinics are managed by NGOs with some support from WHO, UNICEF, UNFPA and other NGOs. In SD, 13 mobile clinics are run by Merlin and Humedica, while in 16 mobile clinics in WD run by SRC, CAM and IRC. No functional mobile clinics in ND",4
10952,"Continued movement restrictions obstruct physical and economic access to food, and add constraints on the alreadyscarce livelihood opportunities available to the displaced and relocated populations.",5
2073,"Chinese data released late month showed drastic reduction in Chinese exports of petroleum products, coal and other materials since late 2017.",7
10328,- May harvests bring down maize and pulses prices - The use of coping strategies falls among households led by women and households receiving food assistance - Fewer households receive food assistance as programmes are scaled down,3
4789,Seven hundred children attend the government primary school in the Timangolo refugee camp on Cameroon's eastern border with the Central African Republic. There were 500 students three months ago.,2
9233, Sanitation coverage among refugees remains below 40 per cent,11
5595,"About 55 100 IDPs from the 2010 earthquake continue to live in 31 camps, mainly in the metropolitan area of Port-au-Prince. Approximately 71 percent of them are women and children. They are among the most vulnerable people in the country, often threatened with eviction and lacking access to basic services, including safe water and sanitation. For instance, 10 000 IDPs located in nine camps do not have access to a toilet",11
11243,"Over 1 million people are currently displaced, 60% of them in Kasaï Central.  Following recent assessments in the affected areas, the number of people affected by the conflict has doubled since the last update on 4 April 2017, with over 2.44 million people affected by the conflict.  It is estimated that over 1.2 million people require urgent humanitarian assistance, the majority of them being displaced by the conflict.",10
9765,"3.4m Kenyans at risk of starvation as maize harvest falls short in 2017In Summary -Maize production is expected to decline by between 20 and 30 per cent this crop year due to insufficient long rains and infestation by the fall armyworm across 27 counties. A ban on maize exports by Tanzania saw exports to Kenya plunge by 54 per cent below average, and mostly through informal channels, according to Ministry of Agriculture data. According to the 2017 Long Rains Season Assessment Report, Kenya did not experience sufficient rains between March and May with some areas receiving as low as 50 per cent of normal rainfall. The number of Kenyans staring at starvation is projected to increase in the coming months to 3.4 million, from 2.6 million identified at the beginning of the year.",3
8130,"During the reporting period, UNICEF has been providing support to several news services and donor visits covering issues concerning the Rohingya children and mothers. Regular communication asset collection is ongoing along with updating of Humanitarian Situation Report, communications engagement- including social media, one-pagers and press notes.",1
535,"On 24 April, UNHCR conducted a protection monitoring visit to two settlements in Misrata where over 14,000 persons are currently displaced (IDPs). UNHCR and its partner LibAid led focus group discussions with men, women and the elderly to identify their needs and work towards providing solutions for them. The main needs raised include the lack of health care and medicines, and reduced access to civil documentation. Many new-born IDPs have no access to birth registration. The majority of IDPs are facing dire living conditions with limited income.During the visit, UNHCR distributed 300 hygiene kits to women and girls living in the settlements.",9
1770,Early reports on Wednesday suggested that at least two persons have been killed and six more injured in the strong earthquake that jolted central and eastern parts of Khorasan Razavi Province in northeastern Iran.,7
5072,"Soy production decreased by 50% due to first drought and then rains. Delay in harvest. In mid-Dec, a 21% decrease in crop production compared to 2015. ",3
6834,There is a lack of ltered drinking water and jerry cans to collect water.,7
4901,"Food, water and sanitation, health and agriculture are urgent priority needs",3
1114,"Rainfall deficits have also been recorded in portions of Somaliland, Puntland and the central regions, which experienced a decrease of rainfall amounts since the rains started in the second half of September. SWALIM reports that the September rains were concentrated in Bari, Nugaal and west of Sool and Sanaag regions and brought immediate relief to water stress in these areas but very little rain has been received in October. In general, northern and central regions remain under serious water stress conditions and given the rainfall forecast for the coming weeks, the situation may deteriorate especially in Bari, Nugaal, Sool and Sanaag regions. Drought conditions continue in most areas and more rains will be required to meet the water demands especially for human consumption, crop, livestock and groundwater recharge. Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH) cluster partners have reported water shortages in eastern parts of Gaalkacyo, Hobyo and Jariiban districts in Mudug region. Critical water and sanitation shortages have also been reported in IDP settlements in the outskirts of Mogadishu and in Galgaduud region. The cost of water remains prohibitive for the majority of the drought-affected people.",11
11456,"There is overcrowding in camps and host communities in Teknaf and Ukhia Upazila. Major health concerns for the newly arrived population includes: injury, infectious diseases, trauma and psychological disorders, and maternal care. Psychological care is of particular concern, due to their current precarious position, previous trauma, and cases of gender based violence (IFRC 17/01/2017). Unconfirmed cases of measles has been reported and although immunisation coverage among the registered refugee population is high, makeshift camps are at risk (WFP UNHCR 2012).",4
2740,"SEE MAP ON FEWSNET  Most northern and other typical high production areas are currently facing Minimal (IPC Phase 1) and Stressed (IPC Phase 2) food security outcomes and these outcomes are expected to continue from June through September. These outcomes are due to 2017 carryover stocks as well as supplies from the 2018 harvests. In grain-deficit southern, western and extreme northern areas, Stressed (IPC Phase 2) outcomes are expected between June and July/August as poor households rely on own-produced stocks, while facing challenges in meeting other basic food and non-food needs. However, as these stocks are finished, Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes are expected in some areas starting in August and humanitarian assistance will be required at that time to assist vulnerable households in meeting their basic food needs as well as protecting their livelihoods. ",3
6074,"Access to health care remains most difficult in areas closest to the contact line. There, the health-care system faces shortages in qualified medical staff and disruptions in the delivery of supplies. Over 400 health facilities in these conflict areas in Ukraine report insufficient stocks of medicines.",4
5632,"The conditions in the camps sparse, and refugees complain of water and food shortages.Security issues have also contributed to tensions with host communities. Last week, the government of Cameroon arrested 30 refugees accused of harvesting food from local farms. They were sent back to the camps and asked not to leave unless they were returning to their country.",11
9248,"t: Overall, land and water are relatively scarce in the Palestinian territories, made worse by the occupation and expansion of Israeli settlements, as well as, Israel's restrictions on the importation of fertilizers. As a result, Palestinian agricultural output and productivity lag behind that of Israel and comparable countries in the region. Additionally, the shrinking water levels of the Dead Sea is rapidly depleting water resources for West Bank Palestinians. 65 Recent U.S. cuts to UNRWA funding highlight the vulnerability of Palestinians who rely heavily on aid agencies for the provision of safe drinking water.66",5
9469,"Livelihoods ? A meeting with the Melkadida Kebele took place regarding the selection of host community farmers for the Melkadida II (40 ha) and Melkadida III (40 ha) irrigation schemes. In response to the drought, Sudan grass (Sorghum sudanense) livestock fodder was planted in the entire area of the Melkadida I scheme, as decided by local host community and refugee farmers.  ",0
5003,"The statement further added “The threat of kidnapping is high. Militant groups often plan attacks against locations and individuals with Afghan and possible American connections, including: Afghan and U.S. government facilities, foreign embassies, military installations, commercial entities, non-governmental organization offices, restaurants, hotels, guest houses, airports, and educational centers.”",9
11643,"Another one million people’s homes have been partly damaged, and more than 2,500 kilometres of roads have been destroyed.",10
210,"one Dineo made landfall near Inhambane, Southern Mozambique on 15 February 2017, bringing with it strong winds exceeding 100km/hr, rough sea and torrential rain, According to MTOTEC (satellite imagery, surface analysis, and storm system information for the South West Indian Ocean cyclone basin), the s",10
6426,"The cessation of hostilities and the renewal of the UNSC resolution have yet to result in a substantive  expansion of access for humanitarian assistance and personnel, that could help mitigate the seriously  deteriorated living conditions for populations in both government and opposition-controlled areas. ",6
4485,"Simultaneous movements of displacement and return are taking place in Mosul and surrounding areas. New arrivals to camps around Mosul are fleeing areas where clashes are on going or areas recently retaken by the Iraqi Security forces (ISF) still being targeted by extremists. In addition to security, other reasons for flight cited by new arrivals are reported chronic lack of food, water, healthcare or medicine. Over 10,000 IDPs have been received in camps around Mosul during the past week.",4
368,"in Nigeria, while 1.7 million people are displaced in Borno, Adamawa and Yobe states to flee violence between armed groups and the Nigerian army. A cholera outbreak has been detected in the northeast of the country.  The conflict has damaged or destroyed 75% of water and sanitation facilities in affected areas. 6.2 million people now have an urgent need for drinking water. Contaminated water leads to the spread of the cholera outbreak. The epidemic has already affected more than 2,600 people and killed 48 in Borno state.",11
3913,"The greatest areas of concern in Ethiopia are in Dollo and Korahe zones in Somali Region where poor households are expected to be in Emergency (IPC Phase 4) through January 2018, some of the worst-affected households are expected to move into Catastrophe (IPC Phase 5) and levels of acute malnutrition and mortality may rise furthe",3
5890,"The lack of action by authorities to end open burning of waste across Lebanon is posing serious health risks for nearby residents, violating their right to health, Human Rights Watch said in a report released today. People living near open burning reported health problems consistent with the frequent and sustained inhalation of smoke from open burning at waste dumps.",4
220,"Results from the 2017 Deyr nutrition assessment indicate an estimated total of 22 149 children under-five who are acutely malnourished across the 13 main IDP settlements (prevalence estimate). This represents a nearly 30 percent decrease compared to June (2017 Gu). The estimated number of children under five suffering from severe acute malnutrition is 5 200, a decrease of 46 percent from June 2017 (Table 4).",8
11957,"Adding to the difficulties, the region is also dealing with a below average rainfall and an infestation of armyworms that is ravaging most of southern Africa. Many locals also say that agricultural production has declined over the past ten years. “The soil is exhausted,” laments one farmer in the region. “And we can’t afford fertilizer.”",0
623,"In April 2017, the average retail price of wheat, wheat flour and rice Irri-6 slightly decreased by 2.2%, 2.1% and 0.1%, respectively, while the price of rice Basmati slightly increased by 3.2% from the previous month (March 2017); ",3
5631,Traders close shops after random shooting in Bor Traders in Bor town have shut down their shops on Wednesday morning after armed youth started shooting in the air randomly without any clear reason. He added that local authorities have already deployed police personnel in and around the market to create safe environment for traders to reopen the market.,3
9845,"TEAR Australia is raising funds to assist those fleeing from violence and persecution in Rakhine state, Myanmar. We are working with partners in Bangladesh who are providing food and non-food items, including hygiene kits, cooking equipment, shelter items and blankets. ",3
1090,"The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights was informed that the “Islamic State” organization executed a woman in Al-Bokamal city in the eastern countryside of Deir Ezzor, on charges of “apostasy.”",9
1755,"Cholera continues to spread in Yemen, causing more than 390 000 suspected cases of the disease and more than 1800 deaths since 27 April.",4
7630,"Twelve suspected measles cases were reported from Montserrado (6), Margibi (3), Nimba (1), Lofa (1), and Gbarpolu (1) Counties",4
6239,"The intense impact of water resources in Cuba worries and urges authorities to search for plans to solve drought-stricken problems, a report on the issue says, according to the PL.More than 783,000 inhabitants are affected partially, and above 54,000 in total due to the prolonged drought during the most recent two and a half years. To date, those official data cited by PL insist, 11 provinces of the country have their reservoirs below 50 percent of the filling capacity.",11
5025,"To ensure the safety of vaccines, 143 solar-powered vaccine refrigerators provided by WHO have arrived in Al-Hudayda to be distributed to all governorates.",4
10893,"Maize prices firm and at high levels in June Prices of maize remained firm in June, at about twice their year-earlier levels despite the 2017B harvest. The high level of prices reflects an overall tight supply situation due to a reduced 2017A harvest, gathered earlier in the year, and lower imports from neighbouring United Republic of Tanzania and Rwanda. A weak currency and low foreign currency reserves hampering trade, and fuel shortages leading to higher transport costs, exerted additional upward pressure on prices. By contrast, prices of staple beans declined in the past weeks with the ongoing harvest. Maize seeds and flour, cassava and flour, rice and beans were exempted from custom duties in mid-May.",3
4162,"A substantial increase in the number of acute malnutrition cases in the South-East of CAR was observed in November. It is estimated that more than 5,000 children will suffer from acute malnutrition in this area, and this number is likely to rise, given ongoing displacement, poor food security, deteriorated access to clean water and sanitation, increased morbidity and lack of health care services. Due to insecurity, the area remains virtually inaccessible to nearly all humanitarian aid.",11
4027,"Cholera:The outbreak of cholera in Hoima District continues to evolve. The epidemic has affected 4 sub-counties: Kyangwali, Kabwoya, Buseruka, Bugambe and Kahoora division in Hoima municipality. Most of the new cases are from newly arrived refugees from DRC. No new deaths have been reported since 9 April 2018.",4
9502,"The trauma unit at a major hospital in the Central African Republic is filled to capacity after an outbreak of fighting in the capital, where ambulances transporting the wounded have often been delayed because of street battles and barricades. The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) and the Central African Red Cross (CRCA) are providing emergency services following the eruption of violence in Bangui’s PK5 district on 8 April.",4
2596,"337 drinking water schemes under the NWSDB, the main sources of drinking water, are functioning with some limitations. Salt water intrusion might cause severe issues in early 2017, as water levels are deepening currently according to irrigation records. Water supply schemes under the local government and community based schemes will also be increasingly affected. ",11
9072,"Thousands of people trying to flee Eritrea are suffering from inhumane, violent, and deadly treatment as the European Union increasingly collaborates with the governments of Eritrea, Libya, Sudan, and Ethiopia to stop them from reaching European shores.Ninety percent of Eritreans who manage to reach Europe over land and sea are granted asylum,' said Arjan Hehenkamp, MSF general director. 'European governments recognize their claims as genuine, but despite this are doing all they can to prevent them and others seeking asylum from reaching European shores",9
10563,"There were no latrines in the areas of displacement, forcing IDPs to practice open defecation among several other poor hygiene practices. Although the IDPs have access to adequate water supply for domestic use from the river, the water is untreated. General lack of hygiene supplies, including sanitary items for women and girls, was also noted. ",11
10477,"13-16 October 2016: Continuous heavy rainfall fuelled by a tropical depression and Northeast monsoon causes severe flooding in various provinces of Central Viet Nam, killing 34 people, causing the collapse of 39 houses and displacing thousands.  16-17 October: The Viet Nam Red Cross (VNRC) dispatches relief items and cash worth VND 1.97 billion (85,000 Swiss francs), and deploys assessment teams to Ha Tinh and Quang Binh provinces.  27 October: 67,466 Swiss francs allocated from the IFRC’s Disaster Relief Emergency Fund (DREF) to replenish VNRC stocks.  30 October-5 November: Another tropical storm brings more heavy rains across Central Viet Nam, leaving 15 people dead, 227 houses collapsed, 41,484 houses flooded, thousands of hectares of crop inundated and more than 42,000 livestock killed. 11 November: The IFRC launches Emergency Appeal for 1.4 million Swiss francs to support 30,775 people over 9 months. A topup DREF allocation is made, bringing the total amount advanced from DREF to 144,866 Swiss francs.  31 November-late December: Incessant heavy rains bring severe flooding in the province of Binh Dinh, described by some community members and local authorities as the most severe in the province’s history.  19 January 2017: The Government of New Zealand announces a donation of NZD 250,000 to address the livelihood needs of people affected by the December 2016 flooding in the province of Binh Dinh. The donation is channelled through the Operational Plan 2017 of the IFRC CCST.  19 May 2017: The IFRC issues a revised Emergency Appeal for 336,193 Swiss francs.",5
8085,The flash floods are putting further stress on an already vulnerable community that has been affected by food insecurity and a pastoral crisis.,5
5193,"Due to low to medium conception and births, livestock herd sizes are slowly recovering in many areas. However, significant livestock losses occured during the first half of 2017, and livestock herd sizes remain well below average as a result. According to data collected during the 2017/2018 post-Deyr assessment, pastoralists in most livelihood zones lost between 25 and 75 percent of their herds in 2017 (Figure 3).",5
3585,"In Somalia, large expansive regions of the country, including both the pastoral and agro-pastoral regions, are currently under severe drought conditions (SPI < -2), which is expected to continue until the onset of the Gu season in early April. As a result, the sorghum harvest for the 2016 Deyr cropping season is expected to range from less than 40 percent of normal to failure.",5
7435,"In December 2017, fighting between the government and the opposition forces was reported in Koch and Bieh (Unity), and in Raja (Western Bahr el Ghazal), displacing thousands of people. During the armed clashes on Raja-Wau road on 16 December, armed groups held six aid workers from two national and international agencies and displaced thousands of people from their homes to Wau town. Others fled to Sudan, where partners reported the arrival of over 3,700 new refugees in South Darfur, South and West Kordofan and White Nile states. In Rumbek Centre County (Lakes), dozens of people were killed in inter-communal violence. An assessment mission in the aftermath of the Rumbek violence found over 2,200 homes razed, which had left thousands homeless.",10
10568,Residents in Lusaka's Kalingalinga are up in arms with the Ministry of Health following the outbreak of typhoid in compound. A water crisis in the area has contributed to the outbreak. The residents have appealed to government to facilitate uninterrupted supply of water to the area. ,11
7506,"On 9, 11, 13 Jan, heavy rains in Loreto. 10,580 people affected. 6 schools. ",2
5823,"ACUTE WATERY DIARRHEA (AWD) OUTBREAKS IN EAST DARFUR REFUGEE CAMPS CONTAINED – AWD outbreaks in Kario and Al Nimir refugee camps have been contained through coordinated and timely interventions by the state Ministry of Health (SMoH), UNHCR, WHO, MSF-Switzerland and the American Refugee Committee (ARC). According to the SMoH, just 3 new cases in Kario and 2 new cases in Al Nimir have been reported since 22 July. Rehabilitations and improvements in WASH services at the reception centre in Kario are ongoing, following recommendations made by UNHCR’s WASH specialist and the state’s AWD taskforce. WASH partners are also engaged in ongoing hygiene promotion campaigns, conducting household visits on AWD prevention measures, as well as garbage clean-up and vector control campaigns to reduce AWD risk in the camps.",4
6946,"Access to potable water is limited, ranging from 15% to 60% in most states with the exception of Kano and Jigawa states that reported 65% and 83% respectively. The 3 northeastern states of Adamawa, Borno and Yobe had just 15% accessibility to potable water.",11
10072,"Pul I Khumri, Baghlan: Food -100% of the caseload reported food as their priority need. 79% of the caseload has reported consuming 3 complete meals per day, with 21% reporting consuming 2 complete meals. 64% of HHs report relying on less preferred food between 3-6 days per week. 63% report borrowing food between 1-6 days per week. 62% of the caseload report no food stocks, 35% report less than a week, 3% report 1-3 weeks of food stocks, and only 1% report over 3 months of stocks.",3
8309," Over 76,000 Gambians crossed into Senegal during the month of January due to the tense political situation in Gambia. In addition, more than 160,000 people fled the capital, Banjul, to their home villages. At the end of January, with the end of the political standoff, Gambians began returning with the assistance of the Gambian government and the Red Cross.",9
1492,"From 1 May to 31 May 2018, the United Nations Support Mission in Libya (UNSMIL) documented 101 civilian casualties –47 deaths and 54 injuries – during the conduct of hostilities, including car and suicide bombings, across Libya. The death toll is the highest recorded by UNSMIL for any month in 2018. Victims included 38 men, three women, four boys and two girls killed and 43 men, three women, six boys and three girls injured. The majority of civilian casualties were caused by shelling (10 deaths and 17 injuries), followed by vehicle-borne improvised explosive devices (VBIED, 11 deaths and six injuries), unidentified explosives (seven deaths and seven injuries), airstrikes (11 injuries), followed by gunfire (four deaths and four injuries), explosive remnants of war (ERW, one death and three injuries). The exact causes of death or injury could not be established in another 19 cases. UNSMIL documented civilian casualties in Derna (17 killed and 22 injured), Tripoli (13 killed and six injured), Benghazi (11 killed and 9 injured), Kufra (11 injured), Sabha (five killed and four injured) and al-Zawiya (one killed and two injured). UNSMIL documented 46 additional casualties from other possible violations of international humanitarian law and violations or abuses of international human rights law in Beni Walid, Benghazi, Tripoli and Sabha.",9
3308,"The World Food Programme (WFP) and Egypt’s National Food Safety Authority (NFSA) today signed a five-year agreement to raise public awareness on food safety and hygiene as well as building the government’s capacity to ensure access to safe nutritious food. Through the signed agreement, WFP will work on developing an online training platform for food safety inspectors on key issues related to food safety such as good practices for food manufacturing, food handling and efficient supply chains.   As per the agreement, WFP and NFSA will launch several public awareness campaigns in hypermarkets, public parks and public transportation. WFP will further develop the current NFSA website to be used as a platform for sharing public awareness messages on food safety measures.  ",3
4963,Most health sites in conflict-affected areas are either closed or non-functional,4
11699,"International NGO AVSI has suspended a distribution of household items in the areas of Tande-Bendera and Manyanga, Kalemie Territory, following the death of three people during violent clashes opposing members of the Twa community and Banyamulenge farmers. An assessment conducted between 11 and 14 March by NGO Catholic Relief Services revealed that over 15,000 IDPs living in villages located some 100 km north-west of Kalemie need assistance as they suffer from poor food consumption and have lost all their belongings during their flight.",9
6524,"An estimated 2.4 million people have been identified to be in need of gender-based violence (GBV) prevention and response across Borno, Adamawa and Yobe states. About 48 per cent of IDPs are women, many of whom are heads of households living in crowded, culturally inappropriate conditions. Adolescent girls are perhaps the most at-risk of GBV, particularly sexual violence. They are often targeted while performing basic tasks such as travelling to water points, collecting firewood to cook food and going to the communal latrines. They are often exposed to SEA, forced into prostitution, early marriages and survival sex in exchange for food, restrictions on their freedom of movement and basic needs deprivation. Women and girls abducted by armed groups who have been raped and forcibly married during their captivity often face stigmatisation and rejection from their communities upon their return. These girls or women and their children who were born as a result of rape are often feared by communities and ostracised from society because they are suspected to be sympathisers of the armed actors. Upon their return, they require access to a full range of services to meet their multiple immediate and reintegration needs and that of their children. Despite the consequences, families are still forcibly marrying daughters as young as 12 years old to members of armed groups, citing poverty as the main reason. In 2017, significant efforts were made by GBV Protection sub-sector partners to meet the needs of vulnerable girls, boys, women and men affected by the protracted conflict and renewed displacement. However, there is still limited coverage of services, and significant gaps still exist in meeting the increasing GBV protection needs of vulnerable women, girls, boys and men as shown by a gap analysis carried out by the sub-sector",9
10622,"The use of artillery-delivered white phosphorus by the United States-led coalition fighting Islamic State (also known as ISIS) forces in Syria and Iraq raises serious questions about the protection of civilians, Human Rights Watch said today. This multipurpose munition should never be used as an incendiary weapon to attack personnel or materiel in populated areas, even when delivered from the ground. ",9
11706,"The International Committee of the Red Cross is carrying out a major distribution of food and other essential items to more than 64,000 people in West Mosul. This is not only the first such distribution of its kind since the western part of the city was recaptured by the authorities on 10th July, but the first major delivery of aid to the area since Mosul was cut off from the world in 2014. ",1
390,"Ghani's statistics on armed groups show that most of them also involve cases of violence against women — and the Syrian government heads that list. Women are deliberately targeted, he says, because they always played an important role in the opposition against Assad. The regime sees torture and sexual abuse of women as a war strategy, Ghani argues. 'Break the women, and you break the family — and with it opposition in society. That's the goal.'",9
4511,"Most of the 1,000 displaced households within the capital Hadibo are slowly making their way back to their homes, although many homes remain flooded. This could cause a health hazard in coming days due to the likelihood of water-borne diseases. A additionally, the water network is damaged and only one well is understood to be functional.",10
5002,"Access to essential services has deteriorated in areas affected by the conflict. In Far North, only 14 per cent of the population have access to adequate hygiene and sanitation facilities and more than half do not have access to a water source.Health centres, whose access and quality were already limited, are increasingly under pressure due to displacement and continuous influx of injured people.",4
744,"Four members of a Rohingya family, including three children and a woman, have been killed in a fire at an UN-run transit camp for refugees at Ukhiya upazila in Cox’s Bazar.Red Crescent officials said seven people in total were severely burnt in the fire. They were rushed to a Red Crescent field hospital where four of them died on Friday afternoon.",10
2515,"Residents of Marsabit County risk losing 90 per cent of their livestock by April due to ravaging drought if drastic measures are not taken, Governor Ukur Yatani has said. Mr Yatani said pastoralists have already lost 60 per cent of their animals.",5
5279,"Cumulatively, 8,160 cholera cases including 248 deaths (Case Fatality Rate 3.10 per cent) had been reported in 19 counties in South Sudan as at 15 May. Health experts have highlighted that the number of cases recorded could be as little as 10 per cent of the overall number of cholera cases occurring during the outbreak. Children and young adults under 30 years are the most affected, constituting 70 per cent of the cases. This is the longest, most widespread and most deadly cholera outbreak since South Sudan became independent. In the 2014 outbreak, 6,421 cases were reported, including 167 deaths, over eight months, while in 2015, the cholera outbreak lasted five months and affected 1,818 people, including 47 deaths, in three counties.",4
7242,The measles cases reported in Wau county increased from 36 in Week 4 to 61 in Week 5. (Fig 18.1). From Week 44 of 2016 a total 702 measles cases have been reported from Wau with related 9 case fatallites(CFR =1.28%) Most of the cases have been reported in Wau PoC and later Cathedral IDP site with index case in week 52 of 2016. Mass measles vaccination was conducted in the Wau PoC in Week 47 and cases have been declining since except this week.(Fig 18.2),4
3740,"At 2:00 in the morning the bells of the church of Bahía Solano, Chocó, began to ring. The sirens of the police cars were also heard. It was deafening. The whole town knew that when this happened they should leave their homes. That's how it went. They began to walk towards a safe place: schools, sports centers and communal venues. Strangely enough, the evacuation worked like clockwork. The balance of a night of torrential rains, which generated the overflow of two ravines, was zero disappeared, zero injured and zero dead. The matter was reduced to material damages: two destroyed bridges, blocked streets and fallen trees. Carlos Iván Márquez, director of the National Unit for Risk Management, Ungrd, explained that the downpours that are being presented are typical of this season, especially in the Pacific. 'Yesterday were registered in Chocó rains of 117 millimeters. I want to point out that during the emergency something very important occurred and we had an alert from the Ideam and gave the evacuation order. The community reacted and in minutes evacuates about 3,000 people, 'explained Marquez. He emphasized that in this municipality works the prevention system with an early warning. 'Today we would be talking about missing persons and not. They saved lives. The alert worked. ' Márquez explained that yesterday morning began the mobilization of yellow machinery to the area to be able to clean the municipality and enable lives. They are also taking food and aid kit. 'We hope to stabilize the situation and do a damage review. In addition, we will also make a plan for structural recovery. ' He indicated that the assistance consists of 1,000 kit of markets and 3,000 blankets. He explained that until yesterday the resources executed to attend the emergency amounted to 253 million pesos. Likewise, Ungrd and the Colombian Air Force coordinate the shipment of anti-humanoid wheeled helicopter to that population from the city of Quibdó and by air from the capital of the country, due to the fact that snake bites may occur. Environment Minister Luis Gilberto Murillo said that since dawn he was in charge and supervised the evacuation of the municipality and that the timely warning of the Ideam allowed them to avoid a tragedy. 'We have the support of the Navy that has its men in the area and they have been helping us with the debris removal work. We are also mobilizing all of the department's relief units to have an accurate dimension of what happened. We will create a team from the Ministry of Environment in order to support with environmental variables. ' He indicated that this year he supported the formulation of the Specific Action Plan of Chocó for the recovery of floods in the framework of the declaration of public calamity that occurred during the beginning of the rainy season.",7
9847,"We have noticed that the EU have forgotten their commitments; and abandonment in applying the institutes referred to. As a result, the current general conditions of the Libyan state, as noted by Alrassed International, the dramatically increasing number of deaths among those patients as a result of lack of medicines, as known most of their medication and prescriptions has increased in price and therefore cannot be purchased by the patients, ",4
2031,"All refugees, migrants and host communities have very limited access to any form of livelihoods. ",5
3825,"In a statement issued on Saturday, the international medical charity said the recent surge in fighting in Yuai town, has left those forced to flee cut off from healthcare. The medical aid charity pointed out that its national staffs in Yuai town have fled together with the civilian population after the clashes in the area.",4
8212,"After delays due to late planting and above normal soil moisture conditions, harvesting activities intensified across the country in May. Harvesting is expected to extend into June in some areas. Although official production estimates are still to come, the harvests are expected to improve the food security situation across the country.",3
1300,"An estimated 770,000 drought-displaced people are in need of shelter/NFI assistance. Most of the displacement is within central Somalia. More than 50,000 people have been displaced due to conflict in South Central. There are nearly 1.1 million protracted IDPs countrywide. The displaced families need shelter and other non-food items. Safe, secure settlements are needed to provide crisis-affected communities with protected, healthy living spaces and environments, while ensuring sufficient privacy and dignity for the groups, families and individuals within them.",10
8573,"In the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, chronic food insecurity and limited access to quality health and water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) services are giving rise to undernutrition and impacting children's health and well-being. An estimated 18 million people are food insecure and 200,000 children are acutely malnourished.",11
5356,"MSF is also extremely concerned that the Rohingya who remain in central and north Rakhine state in Myanmar may soon be forced to flee as they are unable to access medical care, food and other necessary items.",3
4308,"A low-pressure system following cyclone Dineo brought heavy rain and severe flooding to parts of southern Africa on February 20, including the town of Molapowabojang, Botswana, where the A2 highway was rendered almost totally impassable.  ",6
4258,"A court in Azerbaijan has ruled in favor of blocking several independent websites, including that of RFE/RL's Azerbaijani Service.",9
4534,"Nicaragua has a poverty rate of 29.6 percent, according to the latest figures from the World Bank, which places it as one of the three poorest countries in the Americas. This year, this nation expects to receive 1.424 billion dollars in migrant remittances, 3.5 percent more than in 2017, according to data from the country’s Central Bank.",5
1434,"Around 5,000 Eritreans leave their country every month. They go for a range of reasons, including compulsory National Service, political persecution, and a restricted economy that offers few opportunities.The paper finds that Ethiopia is a vital country of asylum, offering the prospect of freedom and security. However, despite better prospects relative to Eritrea, many people continue to find it difficult to pursue decent, fulfilling and relevant livelihoods.",9
11900,"Theprivate sector was the biggest employer in the local market with 52.7% in 2017,54.3% in Gaza Strip and 52.0% in the West Bank, while public sector employed 30.5%in 2017.",5
9171,"The regions of the Great North that have historically been exposed to issues related to food availability, access and utilization are still among the most food insecure, particularly the Far North (33.7% of food insecure households), followed by Adamawa (15.4%) and Nord (15.3%). Surprisingly, the regions of North West and West also recorded high rates of food insecurity (respectively, 18.1% and 18% of households), most probably because of the Anglophone crisis that escalated in West affecting its neighbouring regions.",3
2092,"Fleeing IDPs are subjected to numerous layers of screening that occur at formal and informal screening sites during displacement. Male (12+) IDPs report undergoing at least three screenings before being transported to Jeddah, Airstrip and Haj Ali camps and also the recently opened Hammam Al-Alil camp. IDPs report that upon reaching ISF controlled-areas females and males are separated and while everyone is body searched, males undergo additional security screening to identify those accused of affiliation with extremist groups. Protection actors identified 150 detention cases, including four children, arrested and detained in Hammam Al-Alil over two days. While some detention cases are cleared within a few hours, many males are kept for much longer and families report that they are rarely given information regarding where they will be transported to and in which facility they will be held. UNHCR and protection actors work towards identifying separated families, documenting detention cases and liaising with camp management/ authorities to facilitate family reunification and follow-up for detention cases.",9
6566,"Ali had been working in rural Aleppo as a carpenter and now drives a taxi. 'The Turks have been helping a lot with their humanitarian activities and organisations,' he said. But as time passed, they became too involved, he said. 'No one is allowed to work freely,' Ali said. 'Everything should pass through Turkey's authorities and no one is allowed to work unless he gets the Turk's blessing.'",5
10315,"Today, around 4,000 people, mostly Fulani and some Christian farmers, live in the three camps. Not only has the loss of their cattle meant a loss of livelihood, but it has also disrupted their entire way of life.Without an income, the displaced here are almost entirely reliant on the surrounding villagers for food and aid agencies for the basics. Others have tried their hand at planting vegetables, hoping to trade them at the town's market. ",5
6576,"On March 25, residents of Dogo told Human Rights Watch they had identified the bodies of six men, including a father and son, who had been arrested by security forces three days earlier. One said: “The last time we saw them alive they were in the custody of the soldiers. The next time we saw them they were in a common grave.” In a statement to the media, Mayor Omar Dicko of Dogo reported that the men, all of them ethnic Peuhl, were well known in the village as merchants and had no known involvement with armed groups. The defense minister has said that he had not been fully briefed on the discovered grave, but that he would seek to open an investigation into the incident.",9
8871,"Rain-fed crops with long and multiple breaks, reduced irrigated areas due to difficulty in accessing agricultural credit, and a dry walo, lead to a sharp decline in cereal production in Trarza, Gorgol, and Tagant. In the rest of the country average agricultural production is likely. Unfavorable seasonal pastoral conditions in the western pastoral areas have caused an early transhumance which is already reflected in a pastoral overload in the refuge zones of Gorgol, Guidimakha, and southern Assaba and Hodhs. Markets are generally well supplied with imported foods (rice, wheat, tea, sugar, oil, etc.) with stable prices, but poor households have difficulty accessing them regularly and sufficiently because their seasonal incomes, usually derived from agricultural labor, are falling sharply. They are resorting to seasonal food borrowing and atypical animal sales that accentuate the shortfalls in protecting their livelihoods. Situations of Stressed (IPC Phase 2) and Crisis (IPC Phase 3) are likely in the west of the country between October 2017 and March 2018. In the center and east, the levels of food security are expected to be in line with the same trends as those of an average year with a shift towards Minimal (IPC Phase 1) food insecurity.",0
1039,"The civil unrest in the country has resulted in widespread disruption of agricultural and marketing activities and caused massive displacements, with a severe negative impact on both food availability and access.",3
4640,"It is thought that issues within Sirte are the reason for the kidnapping of its mayor, Mukhtar Al-Madani. He disappeared along with his two bodyguards on Saturday night, around 9 pm while on the road to Tripoli. It is believed that the three were seized somewhere near Khoms, some 120 kilomtres east of Tripoli.",9
10674,"The National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed that no fewer than 328 persons have died in the latest outbreak of meningitis in different parts of Nigeria.  The Chief Executive Officer of the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), Dr. Chikezie Ihekweazu, disclosed that the Centre has recorded about 2,524 suspected cases in Nigeria and listed Zamfara, Sokoto, Katsina and Niger as the most affected states.",4
9766,"At least 700 people who had fled from violence to a temporary community in Laguna Larga, which has since been dislodged by authorities, have set up a makeshift camp near the Mexican border in early June. With limited access to food and medical care, authorities and humanitarian partners in Guatemala and Mexico are evaluating next steps.",4
587,"Active hostilities and violence against personnel continued to impact humanitarian operations, with 612 aid workers relocated in 54 incidents from multiple locations across the country in 2017. More than half of the relocations occurred in Koch, Leer and Mayendit (Unity) and Akobo (Jonglei), where over half a million people were in need of assistance and protection in 2017. December alone, 65 aid workers were relocated, following fighting and insecurity in Koch, Bieh (Unity), Raja (Western Bahr El Ghazal), Nasir (Upper Nile) and Pibor (Jonglei). Clashes in Unity on 24 December left 13 people dead and forced the suspension of health, WASH, nutrition, food security, and education activities benefiting thousands of people in need.",2
1943,"In general, key problems that communities report facing at present are: - Scarcity of pure drinking water - Poor water and sanitation - High price of food and related items - Outbreaks of water-borne diseases - Many crop lands are still submerged in flood water (this appears to be a particular issue in Sariakandi).",3
8107,"During the month of February 2017, the rise in the number of cases of acute watery diarrhoea/cholera was significant – from 3113 cases and 47 deaths in January to 4621 cases and 138 deaths in February",4
3432,"Almost a month into the Marawi conflict, the Humanitarian Country Team (HCT) was concerned to learn from the Health Cluster that over 100 cases of diarrhoea were recorded in Iligan City evacuation centres between 13 and 15 June. An additional 98 cases of diarrhoea were recorded in area hospitals between 28 May and 20 June. Seven of the cases were confirmed with cholera. In addition, 5 children from evacuation centres in Iligan City were diagnosed with suspect measles",4
246,"Lack of financial resources is jeopardizing WFP and partners’ ability to provide live- saving food assistance to the refugees in eastern Cameroon, leaving a US$16 million gap in funding.A complete gap is expected from June onwards, pending new food consignments. Since last October, a decline in funding had already forced WFP to cut food and cash assistance by half to some 156,000 CAR refugees, who are now surviving on a minimal food ration.  ",3
10273,Sool region is one of the regions where the drought has affected severely and the local are now facing major threat from diarrhea pandemic.,4
427,"“The conflict has a devastating impact on agricultural livelihoods. Crop and livestock production fell significantly compared to pre-crisis levels,” said Salah Hajj Hassan, FAO Representative in Yemen. “It is absolutely essential that the humanitarian response encompass food and agriculture assistance to save not only lives but also livelihoods.”",0
2173,"Another study shows that many Turkish people do not want the Syrians to be granted citizenship. 27.5 % of the study’s participants state that Syrians should be given no education at all. However, reverse migration in any near future seems unlikely; even if the war were to end immediately, it would take a long and difficult effort to establish a life back in Syria.",9
388,"Socio-economic vulnerabilities, exacerbated by a protracted crisis, have translated into an increase in the levels of violence against children and women. There is an increased reliance on harmful practices such as child marriage and child labour, and an amplified risk of traffickers preying on the heightened vulnerability of populations.",9
5721,A few humanitarian agencies are providing basic sanitation support but they cannot support all the new arrivals. Sanitation issues have become a threat and may massive spread of diseases (IFRC 17/01/2017).,11
6392,"In the West Bank, the Palestinian authorities have arrested six journalists in August so far, shut down 29 websites and introduced a controversial Electronic Crimes Law imposing tight controls on media freedom and banning online expression and dissent. In the Gaza Strip, Hamas security forces have arrested at least two journalists since June and hampered others from freely carrying out their work. At least 12 Palestinians, including activists, were also detained by Hamas for critical comments posted on Facebook.",9
5235,But reports indicate that people of Maseya area have insisted that they will continue to stay in flood prone areas because there is no land to relocate to.,7
11931,"The death toll from swine flu in Myanmar has risen to 12 with over 200 persons still hospitalised due to respiratory problems, state-media reported on Tuesday.Health authorities said that 210 other people had to be hospitalised due to respiratory problems, 62 of whom were confirmed to have contracted the disease.",4
5436,"Cuba: Initial assessments suggest that up to 90 per cent of houses are destroyed in the worst affected areas. Businesses, schools, public buildings and essential services have been destroyed as well. In view of the large scale of destruction in some affected areas, the rehabilitation of damaged houses and emergency shelter structures is a priority, as is the distribution of essential Non-food items.",2
3436,"Although the prices of most commodities decreased in week 4 of December 2016, prices remained higher compared with the previous month. Month-on-month prices remained higher within the ranges of 8 – 61%. Food commodity prices were 16 – 56% higher than the previous three months. The prices were 196 – 347 % and 207 – 362 % compared to last year and the past four year average respectively.",3
9996,"Firewood for wood-burning heaters, or sobiat, is not affordable. The small twigs that lay about the camp are swiftly snatched up by chilled residents. Many burn anything they can get their hands on—plastic, trash, shoes.  ",7
4978,"In 2014, WFP launched its school meals programme in Syria by providing meals in Tartous, Rural Damascus and Aleppo governorates. By the end of the 2016 academic year, WFP had expanded school meals and reached nearly half a million children across 10 governorates. Until recently, access constraints had prevented the expansion of the programme into some areas.",7
6824,"The lack of governance is evident everywhere.But in general, nothing is functioning properly. Frustrations run high, and the population, desperate for proper governance and better physical and economic security, has no champion in the Saudi-led coalition, the coalition’s foreign backers, Hadi or his local opponents.Aden feels neglected. Two and a half years after the last Houthis left, little reconstruction has started.",1
8857,The January arrests came after sporadic protests erupted in the capital Khartoum and some other towns of Sudan after the price of bread more than doubled.,3
6352,A plan to deliver a million doses of the oral cholera vaccine in Yemen to help combat the worst outbreak of cholera in the world has been scrapped.,4
7041,"The main constrains to food availability are limited access to agricultural inputs, declining food import capacity, loss of job opportunities, population displacements and high food and fuel prices. As a result, one out of four Burundians face severe food insecurity, with an estimated 62 500 children under five requiring treatment for severe acute malnutrition.",3
10356,"An estimated 281,000 newly arrived Rohingya are in need of urgent nutrition support to prevent or treat malnutrition, according to new data from the Inter-Sector Coordination Group, including 145,000 children under the age of five and more than 50,000 pregnant and breastfeeding women. At least 14,000 newly arrived Rohingya children under five are already believed to be suffering from severe acute malnutrition.",8
3748,"In the Gaza Strip, as part of the Israeli attacks against Palestinian fishermen offshore, Israeli forces monitored the Israeli escalating attacks against Palestinian fishermen in the Gaza Sea although the later were allowed to sail up to 9 nautical miles instead of 6.  This proves that the Israeli forces continue their policy to target fishermen and their livelihood.",5
5071,"The new curfews follow a series of extended curfews in nine villages in the Mardin province two weeks ago. The curfews started on Friday evening in 10 districts in Diyarbakir province and would be open-ended, the Diyarbakir governor’s office said. ",9
3685,"• During the first half of May, 7,200 children under 5 years of age were screened for acute malnutrition in six counties (Baringo, Marsabit,Samburu, Turkana, West Pokot and Kajiado). Of those screened 7.6% were identified as severely malnourished and 20.8% as moderately malnourished with all referred and admitted for treatment. ",8
4048,"MERS Outbreak: [1,671 cases (656 deaths), CFR 39.3%",4
10398,"Many women in Yei town in South Sudan’s Yei River State are living in fear of being raped or killed while fetching water from water sources that are far away from their area. Speaking to Radio Tamazuj, several women said they often go for long distances in order to get drinking water due to shortages of water in the area, a matter which could expose them to sexual abuses. They pointed out that a young woman was raped by unknown men while fetching water in the area last month. Meanwhile, Lily Modo, a local resident at Hai Simba area, said their only borehole is not functioning, forcing them to fetch water from running rivers and dirty wells. “Our water is very dirty because we are fetching water from wells. There are no boreholes especially during this dry season, our borehole has broken down, so these are the challenges we are facing here,” she said. ",11
5959,"Homeless people 1,985 Affected health institutions 5 Affected Schools 74 Homesteads damaged 2,579 Fatalities 246 Dams Breached 70",2
6734,"At the health sector meeting on 25 January, a number of partners indicated that they would be pulling out of Sud and Grand’Anse regions now that the emergency phase is coming to an end. In Grand'Anse, the Canadian Red Cross, Save the Children and MSF have already stopped their activities. In the Sud Region, IMC has stopped operating mobile clinics in Les Anglais on 31 January but will continue activities in Cavaillon and MSF has stopped operating mobile clinics on 31 January but has added Port- à-Piment in its regular programme. Medical Teams International (MTI) and Handicap International will stop their activities at the end of March. ",6
5474,"Since 25 February, to the east of Al-Bab city, hostilities between different parties to the conflict have intensified. Fighting continues between NASGs under the Euphrates Shield banner and ISIL; while at the same time, Government of Syria forces launched an offensive against ISIL in southern rural Menbij and Al-Khafsa sub-district. As a result, thousands of civilians were displaced in A’rima, Menbij and AlKhafsa sub-districts.",4
9985,"Desperate men, women and children, who have been walking for days braving gunfire, landmines and treacherous terrain to reach Bangladesh are spending nights in the open, unsure where to go or how to access medicine and food.",1
10022,"The living situation for Syrian refugees across the region continued to be extremely challenging in 2017. Many of the refugees have now been in the host country for four or more years and struggle to make ends meet. While the vast majority of Syrian refugees continue to be geographically integrated with host communities in urban, peri-urban and rural areas, they are increasingly vulnerable and face extremely high rates of poverty. In Turkey, over 64 per cent2 of refugee households living outside of camps livebelow the poverty line; 80 per cent of Syrian refugees living outside of camps in Jordan are living below the poverty line; more than 76 per cent of Syrian refugees are below the poverty line in Lebanon; and 82 per cent of registered Syrian refugees in Egypt are either highly or severely vulnerable, meaning they are unable to afford the minimum requirements for a dignified life. While the overall situation for refugees in Iraq is somewhat better, the situation is deteriorating - particularly for those who do not have the ability to obtain an income - and 37 per cent of refugees are now below the poverty line.",5
4037,"Sixty five people, among them 34 children, are currently receiving treatment for diarrhoea at Banadir mother and child healthcare hospital in Mogadishu.The disease has been circulating in Mogadishu and the surrounding areas in the past two months.  The hospital has so far treated 938 patients, including 525 children. ",11
4830,"Deepening internal conflict within the ruling party, increase in hate speech cases may point towards a volatile environment as the 2018 elections approach.",1
2110,"Hepatitis E: 1783 suspected cases, 98 confirmed, 19 deaths (1.1% FRC) as of 3 September.Outbreaks are ongoing in the Salamat Region predominantly affecting North and South Am Timan, Amsinéné, South Am Timan, Mouraye, Foulonga and Aboudeia. Of the 64 cases occurring in pregnant women, five died (case fatality rate 7.8%) and 20 were hospitalized.",4
10463,"nbeg:Crisis (IPC Phase 3) outcomes are expected to persist between February and May, as households continue to rely on markets to access food. Food access is likely somewhat better than the same time last year, as Sudan has loosened border restrictions and many households have been able to sell livestock and seek some income-earning opportunities alongside increased movement. Income will be insufficient, though, to purchase basic food needs and Emergency (IPC Phase 4) outcomes are expected in these counties between June and August, before arrival of green harvest in September.",3
10677,"As of December 2016, the regional authorities in Diffa estimated displaced people at more than 240,000 people including refugees, returnees and internally displaced people. Important humanitarian needs are identified in the sectors of food, health care, nutrition, education, shelter and non-food items, protection as well as access to water, sanitation and hygiene.",9
5949,"Diarrhoea-related deaths, which now total 9,500, account for around 12 per cent of the 80,000 deaths of children under the age of five that occur annually in Afghanistan.",4
6201,"A crackdown on gay people in Egypt intensified in recent days as security forces raided cafes in downtown Cairo and courts delivered harsh prison sentences, further driving the nation’s LGBT community underground.  More than 60 people have been arrested, human rights activists said, since a concert last month by a rock group where some members of the audience waved a rainbow flag — photos of which went viral on social media and caused public outrage.",9
6766,"This lack of food has driven large-scale displacement and the concentration of households in IDP camps. It has also, in combination with serious outbreaks of Acute Watery Diarrhea (AWD) and measles, contributed to atypically high levels of acute malnutrition. Excess mortality among children has also been reported from the worst-affected areas. In Dollo and Korahe Zones, no emergency foodassistance has been provided since the conclusion of the fourth round of food aid distributions in May, ",3
1024,"Four health districts (Niamey 2, Niamey 3, Ouallam and Tillabéry) have reached the alert threshold for meningitis with more than 5 cases per 100,000 inhabitants per week. In total, health authorities have registered 511 suspected cases and 34 deaths between 2 January and 12 March. The meningitis epidemiological season runs from December to June.",4
8000,"The Houthis announced that the academic year would start on 30 September, but a call by the teachers' union for a strike over pay has been widely heeded, with only a fraction turning up for work.  'But the Houthis are now trying to thwart our industrial action by inviting volunteers to fill in,' she said.  The strike is not only taking place only in rebel-held areas. Teachers working in territory under the control of the Hadi government are also protesting over pay. ",2
173,"Parties to the conflict routinely impose severe restrictions on movements of people, goods and humanitarian assistance. Reported restrictions on imports by the Coalition, as well as air strikes on critical infrastructure like Al Hudaydah Port, have added to the humanitarian burden by severely reducing commercial imports into the country. Fluctuating Coalition restrictions on imports, as well as air strikes on critical infrastructure like Al Hudaydah Port, have added to the humanitarian burden by severely reducing commercial imports into the country. More than 90 per cent of staple food in Yemen was imported before the crisis, and the country was using an estimated 544,000 metric tons of fuel per month. In August 2016, fuel imports fell to 24 per cent of estimated requirements, and food imports hit their lowest level this year. Since August 2016, the Coalition and the Government of Yemen have also banned commercial flights from using the Sana’a airport. Prior to the ban, Yemenia Airlines estimates that at least one third of passengers were travelling abroad to seek medical care, often for chronic diseases for which treatment in Yemen has become almost non-existent due, in part, to import difficulties. Altogether, this means that more than 6,500 people have been unable to access medical care due to the closure of civilian air space. Yemenia Airlines further estimates that 18,000 Yemenis are stranded abroad. Houthi/Saleh and other forces have at times imposed crippling restrictions on people and basic supplies from entering contested areas, including recurrent restrictions in Taizz and nearby areas. Reports have also emerged of landmines being laid in many areas, including along parts of the western coast that prevent fishermen from providing for their families in an area of growing hunger and malnutrition. Authorities in Sana’a and other areas routinely deny or delay clearances for humanitarian activities, including visas for humanitarian staff, movement requests to deliver or monitor assistance, and customs approval for critical supplies. These restrictions are at times resolved through dialogue, but the time lost represents an unacceptable burden for people who desperately need assistance.",5
855,"On the night of 10-11 February, activists blocked one more railway track that runs between Yasynuvata and Kostyantynivka (Donetsk oblast). This track is essential for the daily delivery of industrial products, including coal, in both directions. As a result of the blockade, Slovyanska Power and Heating Station, which supplies heating to the inhabitants of Mykolayivka (GCA), started working in emergency mode.",7
2206,"109,464 Children under 5 are in need of SAM treatment",8
9190,"Over 12.27 metric tonnes (41 cubic metres) of supplies were dispatched to partners during the reporting period supporting WASH, Health, Child Protection and Nutrition programmes.",9
1893,"A large percentage of patients hospitalized since the start of the demonstrations had severe wounds to the lower extremities, requiring complex surgical operations; many of them will have disabilities for life.",4
528,"Sandbag walls have failed to hold back the flood building up in two districts, and the overflow has poured into three more villages and across more farms, as water continues to be released from the dangerously brimming Ubonrat dam.  The latest inundation on Friday morning worsened the already critical situation in parts of Khon Kaen's Nam Phong and Muang districts, where preparations are being made for evacuation in a worst case scenario.  Ban Bueng Sawan, Ban Na Pho and Ban Pak Puea in Muang district are the latest victims of the flood. Parts of the sandbag walls holding back the flood collapsed overnight, unable to withstand the powerful current running into and through Nam Phong, where the water level keeps on increasing.  Many houses, temples, schools and 20,000 rai of farmland are reported to have been flooded. Roads connecting villages are impassable for small vehicles.  Despite the already grave situation, officials continue to release water from Ubonrat dam at a rate of 50 million cubic metres a day, as the reservoir is already full beyond its designed capacity and the flood surge keeps flowing into it from the North.  ",10
2272,"More than 8,000 displaced civilians have been trapped for 38 consecutive days in the Wadi Al-Atheeb area, east of Hama, under a siege imposed by the Syrian regime forces. The head of Akirbat’s local council Ahmad Al-Hamawi told the Anadolu Agency that the civilians left the Akirbat village to escape the fighting between the Syrian regime forces and Daesh fighters. Al-Hamawi warned that a major humanitarian disaster was imminent if food did not enter the area soon. Civilians live in the open in Wadi Al-Atheeb, a desert area, he explained, without protection from the sun. According to Al-Hamawi people left Akirbat following an agreement between the Syrian regime and Daesh which had controlled the area.",10
11493,"Protection     Durable Solutions ? Most of the groups stated that they wish to be resettled for a better life and future. ? Unwillingness to return due to lack of security in the country of origin, was communicated by majority of the participants. Lack of food, lack of education and livelihoods opportunities were also mentioned as factors discouraging returns. Child protection ? There are UASC (Unaccompanied and Separated Children) in the camps, for some their parents have died or lost while for others the parents are in Somalia while the children have been left behind to keep the rat ion cards and continue to benefit from services like education. These children face discrimination in the community. ? Many children are involved in work for minor gains risking dropouts, health hazards and physical offenses like sexual and gender based violence. Children are engaged in work due to lack of food as well as less work opportunities for adults.     6     SGBV ? Women and girls specifically risks SGBV (Sexual and Gender Based Violence) incidents during water collect ion and graz ing animals. ? Verbal abuse and harassment towards girls happen in schools and in the community. Some teachers sexually exploit and abuse the girl students. ? Early marriages and forced marriages occur due to the cultural and religious belief that 9-13 years is the age of majority for marriage. Poor economic conditions, the money received by bride’s family and indebtedness are the main reasons for early and forced marriages. ? The tradition of refugees promote FGM (Female Genital Mutilations) while most of them consider this as a religious obligation.     Documentation and Legal Protection ? They shared that children who are born outside the health centres have real difficulties in obtaining the birth certificates. These children are not included in the ration card. ? Obtaining documentation such us child custody document, divorce letter, marriage certificate from the court is expensive, as each document costs around 300 birr which is not affordable for all the refugees. ? For registration related issues, UNHCR teams give long appointments. Delays in camp transfer, merging and splitting were also mentioned as concern. ? Refugees are sometimes detained if their pass permit expires. The pass permits is issued by ARRA for different number of days and sometimes expires enroute. It is worth noting that this is as per the regulations of the country of asylum. It is hard for the families and relatives of detainees to visit them and receive update about their situation.",9
3816,"She said access challenges have continued to delay and interrupt the humanitarian response in South Sudan. In Unity state, Mueller said, truck drivers delivering humanitarian supplies by road from Juba passed through 66 checkpoints. ",3
8018,"About 65 percent of Yemeni households are estimated to be food insecure, compared to 41 percent in the pre-crisis period (2014). Out of 17 million food insecure, about 7.3 million people are estimated to be in need of emergency food assistance. The risk of famine declaration in the country is very high.",3
